Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem) t.ha-1: Sugar_CAS: Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH: Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1] 2. candidate variables (i.e. AEGIS variable dictionary) with the following information (see an example in Table 2): • variable name which is defined from the concatenation of an entity, a trait and a unit of measurement, • description, • unit ...Yield_CAS Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem) t.ha-1. Sugar_CAS Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1] Tabl e 2. Examples of candidate variables ...84 variables chercheurs et 169 variables candidates Exemple de variable chercheur (ou variable source) : Nom de variable Description Yield CAS Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem). Exemple de variable candidate (variable issue d’AEGIS) : Nom de variable Description abv sugar fm content % percentage of sugar of the fresh matter overground biomassYield_CAS Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem) t.ha-1 Sugar_CAS Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1] Table 2 Examples of candidate variables. Variable name Description Class Subclass Domain root_crop_yield_ dm_t.ha1 measurement of root dry biomass at plot level experimental variable plant agronomy ferti_K_app_rate _kg.ha1 potassium application ...Yield_CAS: Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem) t.ha-1: Sugar_CAS: Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH: Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1]Soutenance de Projet de Fin d’Études. Master Web Intelligence et Science des Données (WISD) en double diplomation avec l’Université Sorbonne Paris NordThe datasets contain data for sugarcane and cover crop observations (e.g., yield), weed flora, including 104 weed species (e.g., ground cover), crop management (including manual and chemical ...Considering the production of one ton of energy cane fresh biomass in low-fertility soils in Brazil, the removals by cultivation are, on average, 1.5 kg of N; 0.32 kg of P; 5.1 kg of K; 0.6 kg of Mg; 0.5 kg of S; 5.7 g of B; 1.4 g of Cu; 6.3 g of Mn, and 4.7 g of Zn (Boschiero et al., 2019).resulting in an averag e fresh cane yield of 72.8 ... biofuel, energy cane, stem parenchyma, stem- specific promoter, sugarcane, tonoplast sugar . transporter. 1516 | WAN G et Al. viable ...Averaged across the three crops and two locations, energy cane had significantly higher biomass yield, lower nonstructural carbohydrate (reducing sugars and sucrose) concentrations, and higher concentrations of cellulose, hemicelluloses, and lignin than sugarcane.

Sugar_CAS: Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH: Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1] 2. candidate variables (i.e. AEGIS variable dictionary) with the following information (see an example in Table 2): • variable name which is defined from the concatenation of an entity, a trait and a unit of measurement, • description, • unit, • class, • subclass, • domain. Table 2 ...For sharing and linking collected data with the generic AEGIS (Agro-Ecological Global Information System) database, our work described in this data paper consists in mapping researcher variables to...Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem) t.ha-1: Sugar_CAS: Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH: Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1]Sugar content in sugarcane germplasm can reach up to 27% of fresh weight (Bull and Glasziou Citation 1963), much higher than the average sugar content of commercial varieties, which is about 15%. This large clonal variation for sugar content, normally seen in sugarcane breeding populations, suggests a big scope for increasing sugar content by ...Soutenance de Projet de Fin d’Études. Master Web Intelligence et Science des Données (WISD) en double diplomation avec l’Université Sorbonne Paris NordDownload scientific diagram | Dry stem weight per unit of stem length (a); Total sugar content (% D.M.) measured along the stem (b). from publication: Effects of Stem Length and Storage Duration ...Download scientific diagram | Proportion of total sugars per unit of stem length (kg cm-1 ) measured along stem height. from publication: Effects of Stem Length and Storage Duration on Sugar ...A greater rate of phloem unloading and storage in the stem, not a higher rate of sugar production by photosynthesis or sugar export from leaves, is the mai Physiology and whole-plant carbon partitioning during stem sugar accumulation in sweet dwarf sorghum | SpringerLinkof fresh stem mass (1158.7 g and 941.8 g) and v olumes of juice (537.8 m l and 437.4 ml). This resulted in si g- nificantly high er amounts of bagasse (245.5 g and 189.1 g) an d total pressed...Sugar content showed a significant differences were observed between FN41 and 165204 (percentage concentration of sugar, p-value = 2.80E-08) and stem height (p-value = 0.014). FN41 had a higher brix and stem height compared to 165204. While the other qualitative trait evaluated in our study were not significantly different between ...

Among other actions, a crop-specific “treatment frequency index” defines the average number of times a field is sprayed with the recommended dose of the active ingredient given on the product label. Among other strategies of Integrated Weed Management, spraying of variable herbicide rates could make a contribution to coping with ...From here and throughout the paper, herbicide use level is quantified by the TFI, treatment frequency index, i.e. the actual number of treatments and their dose as used by farmers out of full rate registered dose and full field application (OECD 2001; Gravesen 2003). For each treatment, TFI is the ratio of the product of the dose ...Band herbicide application reduced crop yield by 2.9% (95% CI = −5.7%, −0.01%), 0.9% (95% CI = −4.5%, 6.3%), 6.4% (95% CI = -9.9%, −2.9%), 33.7% (95% CI = -52.7%, −14.7%) and 5.9% (95% CI = -12.4%, 0.5%) for maize, potato, soybean, cotton, and forages, respectively. Download : Download high-res image (327KB)selon la matière active (voir index Arbo 2020), à partir de la 2 e à la 4 e an-née après la plantation. Les herbicides sont absorbés par les racines et distribués dans toute la plante. En présence de plus de 30% d’adven-tices, une application préliminaire d’herbicide foliaire est recommandée;Application combinée d’herbicides à action foliaire et racinaire Première application sur adventices visibles, mais encore à un stade juvénile. Application(s) ultérieure(s) d’herbicides foliaires, selon le développement des adventices. Grande souplesse d’utilisation. Permet d’intervenir plus tardivement dans la saisonTraitements herbicides ... and the treatment frequency index (TFI), and compares the results with the ones observed in 2012 (2011 for apples). The results cover the production of . apples, peaches, plums, apricots and cherries in mainland France, and bananas in French Antilles. For each treatment, the TFI is the ratio between doses of pesticides that have been applied and reference doses of ...Among the recorded systems, herbicide treatment frequency index (HTFI) averaged over rotation increased when tillage frequency decreased. No recorded no-till system was herbicide-free. The untilled crops with the lowest HTFI (0.16) were unusual crops, i.e., relay grass-crops or multi-annual crops. Simulations of the recorded systems showed no ...We used the treatment frequency index (TFI) to describe the level of dependence on external herbicide inputs, as described by Deytieux et al. and Lechenet et al.20,21 TFI is a function of the herbicide application rate, lowest registered dose, and treated and plot surface area.Rank application frequency and pesticide richness distributions. In (a), (c) and (e) bars along the x-axis are unique fungicides (red), herbicides (blue), and insecticides (yellow) and bar height corresponds to the total number of applications in Colusa, Solano and Yolo counties in 2017. For compound identity and use frequencies, see ...Two indicators were used for the amount of herbicide applied: the total application rate and the treatment frequency index (SM Materials and Methods). LMM were analysed with a type III...

We propose an indicator to measure the coverage rate of a service plant called Coverage Index (CI). This indicator is calculated as the surface covered by the service plant, divided by the total vineyard surface during a specific period ‘p’ (Eq. 1).Different techniques (cover cropping, the use of high-competitive cultivars, the choice of plant arrangement and seeding time, tillage systems, allelochemicals, etc.) and methodological approaches (e.g., soil seedbank analysis, weed adaptation along environmental gradients, and the analysis of weed abundance and diversity) have shown ...Estimating the response of weed species on those practices is crucial for both biodiversity maintenance and alternative weed control methods. Many experiments have confirmed the fundamental role of tillage intensity and nutrition supply in weed species' abundance and diversity. For instance, in some studies, the abundance of ...Weed coverage and impacts on soil properties and biota varied for the different weed management strategies; with only the glyphosate, glufosinate and imazapyr treatments significantly reducing weed coverage at both sites across all seasons after 12 weeks. The difference in impact on weed coverage between the different products ...Here, we review services and disservices associated with weeds in annual agroecosystems and present two case studies from the United States to illustrate how weeds growing in fall-planted cover crops can provide ground cover, decrease potential soil losses, and effectively manage nitrogen. We argue that in certain circumstances ...A map of three categories of weed coverage was produced with 86% of overall accuracy. In the experimental field, the area free of weeds was 23%, and the area with low weed coverage (<5% weeds) was 47%, which indicated a high potential for reducing herbicide application or other weed operations. The OBIA procedure computes multiple ...Most research in the crop-weed competition domain is limited to assessing crop yield losses due to weed pressure and other crop-weed interactions, overlooking the significant uptake of soil-water by weeds that exacerbates global water constraints and threatens productivity and profitability. The objective of this review was to ...Weed-Control Costs . Farmers whotake prevented plant coverage also must remember that weeds will grow, even if the crop doesn't. Mark Loux, Ohio State University Extension weeds specialist, advises farmers to budget for two passes of either mowing, tillage, or herbicide applications.Many plants are low-growing and spreading in habit and may be termed ground-cover, but the prime requisite of a good ground cover plant is to provide a rapid, dense cover, to suppress germination and development of weed seeds and to eliminate the need for weed control measures.Dragon's blood sedum may be the hardiest and most versatile of all weed-suppressing ground covers. A cultivar of the succulent Sedum spurium, dragon's blood ('Schorbuser Blut') is hardy in Zones 3-8. Not only does it grow in full sun as well as partial shade, but it also thrives in poor soil.

1.1. What are service plants and why are they important? Service plants are spontaneous vegetation (weeds) and sown plant species associated with a perennial crop in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and services. In the literature,Service plants are spontaneous vegetation (weeds) and sown plant species associated with a perennial crop in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and services.Service plants are spontaneous vegetation (weeds) and sown plant species associated with a perennial crop in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and services. In literature, these plants are often named ‘vegetation cover’ (Hall et al., 2020; Winter et al., 2018) but without linking their activity to ...Row Spacing. Row spacing interacts with plant population and the arrangement of plants within the row. From: The Solar Corridor Crop System, 2019. Related terms: Herbicide; Cultivar; Maize; Weed Management; Water Use Efficiency; Planting Density; Irrigation; Weeds; Weed Control; Plant DensityThe differences in weed coverage between the 68-cm row spacing and 17- and 34-cm row spacings were less pronounced in this environment compared to the Goldsboro 2013 environment . Weed coverage declined with increasing seeding rate in the 17-cm row spacing, but not in the other row spacings .Bilgili et al. (2003) conducted a field research to examine the influence of different row spacing (17.5 cm, 35 cm, 52.5cm, 70 cm) on seed yield and yield component of Brassica rapa L. in Turkey. They found maximum plant height (147.3cm) and number of plants (122 m-2) at narrow row spacing 17.5 cm.A review of row spacing experiments included in this review revealed that narrow row spacings have provided significant reductions in the late-season density of weeds in the majority of soybean experiments but only rarely in corn. This research also indicates that narrow row soybeans are more likely to impact the critical time of weed removal ...row and alleyway weed coverage and densities of broadleaf and grass weeds. A winter annual cover crop was grown in alleyways of the cover-cropped treatments and was mowed in spring. The mowed residue was managed as follows: 1) residue transferred in-row as mulch representing the industry practice of ‘‘mow-and-The operation of inter-row hoes is less requiring than weed harrows where the operator needs to learn the timing and settings that provide effective weed control while preserving the crop. A weed harrow treats both weeds and crop while hoe shares work the inter-row zone only and thus avoid impacting the crop plants. Fig. 1. Inter-row hoeing in ...Mechanical weed control may damage crop plants; therefore, our review of current and future intra-row weeding technology is based on the assumption that crop damage should be acceptably low to the farmer and should be in the same range as damage from conventional chemical weed control.

• The great diversity of weeds (weeds with short or long cycle; annual, biennial and perennial, dicotyledonous or mon-ocotyledonous; erect or creeping) hampers their management. They can be controlled simply by applying a broad-leaf herbicide in the intended plant cover area, which eliminates the other weeds.Inter- row hoeing usually provides a complete weed control in the inter-row zone unless rainy weather prevail for long periods. The operation of inter-row hoes is less requiring than weed harrows where the operator needs to learn the timing and settings that provide effective weed control while preserving the crop.Highlights: The majority of mechanical weeders have weeding efficiency between 60 and 80 percent. That functions at forward speeds ranging from 0.7-9.7 kmph (0.43-6.0 miles/hour) and depths between...In the inter-row, the growth of the spontaneous flora was limited by the high temperatures during the summer. Among the living mulch species, sage and lemongrass guaranteed an almost full soil cover, reducing the need for weed management along the row, as well as increasing the beneficial insects without influencing the young tree ...This paper presents detailed simulation, laboratory and field investigations into the design and performance of a novel mechanical system for inter- and intra-row weed control. The mechanical ...Cover crops or companion crops are increasingly used in cropping systems to favor biological regulations and deliver agroecosystem services such as weed, pest, disease, or erosion control, as well as nitrogen fixation (Quintarelli et al. 2022 ).The newest guidance-equipped inter-row hoeing systems can cover up to 83 % of the field [ 1, 2 ]. Unfortunately, the weeds occurring within the remaining area between (intra-row) and around the crop plants (close-to-crop) have a significant influence on plant development and yield.Although inter-row cultivation is a relatively effective method of weed control, weeds in the intra-row still often require manual labor . Weed control in crop rows is one of the main problems in ecological farming, as it has a significant impact on crop yields [ 25 ].Intra-row weeds are those that grow within the line of row crop plants and are not affected by inter-row cultivation, such as hoeing. Intra-row weeds, if insufficiently controlled, cause major problems for organic growers in row crops, such as vegetables and maize (Zea mays L.). Manual intra-row weeding can be laborious, particularly ...Numerous prototypes exist for inter-row weeding but very limited for intra-row weed eradication. This study developed a tractor drawn integrated inter- and intra-row weeding (IIIRW) system for field crops. Active rotary tines were used for intra-row weeding and passive tines for inter-row weeding.

The simple coverage problem requires that UAVs inspect every portion of the field by visiting (and inspecting) each cell at least once. Ideally, every cell is visited only once by one UAV and the coverage time \(t_c\) is minimised.(3) weed n = f-f min f max-f min s max-s min + s min where f denotes the current weed’s fitness, the best and least fitness of the current population is represented by f max and f min. The maximum and least value of a weed is represented by s max and s min .OE indicates the proportion of frames with an observed weed coverage that was misclassified as being of a different coverage, and CE indicates the proportion of frames classified with levels of weed coverage that really correspond to other levels of coverage.Weed coverage (%) for the different methods of weed control in 2017 to 2019. (a-c): Weed assessment 2 (after the pre-emergence bean herbicide application). (d-f): Weed assessment 3 (14 days after ...Similarly, total weed coverage and perennial coverage in reduced tillage treatments were two to three times greater compared with conventional treatments (Sans et al., 2011). Weed biomass in barley showed also higher rates in the conservation compared to the conventional tillage treatment ( Vakali et al., 2011 ).Data were estimated via human vision, and total weed coverage, i.e., the percentage of a plot’s area covered by weeds when projecting the weed plants vertically to ground level, was assigned to each plot. Weed coverage values could be in the range of 0–100%. Plots were located semi-randomly in each field to constitute a range in ...The sampling points are continuous and the interpolation methods are used at the minimum levels. The experiment result shows that this weed mapping method can map weed under limited conditions.Shallow conservation tillage also led to an average increase of weed coverage and weed species number in regard to ST and CTD. Weed coverage was 60% higher, and the weed species number was 66% higher, with CTS compared to ST, which was not significantly different from CTD. All investigated parameters of maize weediness were, on ...In each cell, the percentage of weed coverage was calculated, and Moran's I, a common spatial autocorrelation test (Moran 1950; Krähmer et al. 2020), was used to describe the spatial pattern of the grid cells comprised of weeds (weed coverage > 0%) using the “Spatial Autocorrelation Global Moran’s I” in ArcMap 10.5.This study aims to account for these three feasibility factors using three additional metrics. This paper introduces a new metric weed coverage rate (WCR), which identifies the proportion of weeds in the dataset that fall within the target area of a sprayer given a set of detections.

Row cover ranges in thicknesses. A lighter weight fabric, might be labeled as .45 or .5 oz/sq. yd., whereas a heavier weight fabric might be labeled as somewhere between 1.5 and 2.2 oz/sq. yd. Row cover can be cut to size using sharp scissors, which is helpful because it typically comes in large rolls of varying widths and lengths.Row cover, or garden row fabric, is a thin, breathable fabric with many versatile uses in the garden. It allows sunlight and water in while keeping bugs and extreme weather out. The lightweight material is typically spun-bonded from polyester or polypropylene and is designed to protect your crops from environmental stressors.Also known as Garden Fabrics, the floating row cover is mostly a thin plastic or material that is either transparent or semi-transparent and is used to shield plants from harsh weather conditions such as frost and intense sunlight. It also acts as a protective cover for the plants against harmful insects.Roots were studied in the setting of three inter-row conditions: sugarcane with full chemical weed control, sugarcane-jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis) intercropping, and sugarcane with spontaneous weeds in the inter-row. Root mappings were conducted at 3.5, 6, 8, and 11 months after sugarcane planting in two vertical trenches per age ...We finally got all our plants in the ground. We covered the garden area with weed barrier or row cover. And planted our tomatoes, peppers, and artichokes. The weed fabric should prevent...1. Cross-Pollination If you want to save your seeds and would like to avoid raising hybrids, it’s important to prevent cross-pollination. One way of doing this is to cover the plants with row covers. They will stop the wind from pollinating the plants and also deter bees in some cases. 2. Pest ProtectionYour guide to growing garlic in winter for a delicious season-long harvest. Step 3: Secure your row cover to the ground with landscaping pins, either just on the long sides or on all four sides. Step 4: Remove the row covers from time to time to water and weed your garden.Use row covers to warm garden soil and protect tender seedlings or vegetable plants from frost. Row covers are made from materials that are either waterproof or allow moisture to pass through them. Row covers may be either tunnels or caps like mini-greenhouses or floating blankets of breathable fabric held by supports over the plants. Install ...As much as we love row covers, so do the weeds. One disadvantage to using row covers in the garden is weed growth. Weeds also love the slight temperature increase from the row covers and grow at an accelerated rate. We think the advantages outweigh this disadvantage, so go cover your garden!The easiest way to manage weeds is to spray them with herbicide. When applied to a small weed, it shrivels up and dies, decomposes, and isn’t a big concern. However, when a bed is full of a groundcover plant herbicide injury could occur. There are a few exceptions of specialty herbicides and these cover only a minimal amount of weed varieties.

Fine root distribution, root length densities, and a soil colonization index were estimated from the root intersects, in relation to plant root co-occurrence. We found that both legumes and weeds in the inter-row decreased the total sugarcane fine root length by 17 to 30% compared to situation of chemical weed control from 6 months ...• The great diversity of weeds (weeds with short or long cycle; annual, biennial and perennial, dicotyledonous or mon-ocotyledonous; erect or creeping) hampers their management. They can be controlled simply by applying a broad-leaf herbicide in the intended plant cover area, which eliminates the other weeds.Weed cover on undisturbed inter-rows was generally lower or equivalent to weed cover on rows. Weed cover on inter-rows compacted by tractor wheels was always equivalent or higher than weed cover on rows. Using inter-rows to detect weeds could underestimate weed pressure in corn and soybean in Québec, unless the inter-rows trampled ...Tables 2, 3 and 4 show the effect of inter row spacing and weed control on weed cover score, weed density and weed dry matter production. Inter-row spacing did not have any significant effect (p≥0.05) on these parameters in the early seasons of 2009 and 2010.Vegetation sensors could be used in the inter-rows to trigger herbicide spraying on both rows and inter-rows if weed cover on and between the crop rows is uniform. To verify this hypothesis, weed cover on and between corn rows was evaluated using photographs acquired in corn fields at the 3 to 5 leaf stage. A one hectare plot was sampled in ...Inter- row hoeing usually provides a complete weed control in the inter-row zone unless rainy weather prevail for long periods. The operation of inter-row hoes is less requiring than weed harrows where the operator needs to learn the timing and settings that provide effective weed control while preserving the crop.Review and discussion of inter-row and intra-row mechanical weeding, two different mechanical weed control techniques. In particular, reviews and comparisons of the most popular manual...A green cover should be ensured in the inter-row alleyway to prevent soil erosion and allow the transit of machineries, whereas weed management along the row is mandatory to reduce the competition for water and nutrients. The inter-row green cover is generally managed with 3-4 mowing sessions per year, but alternative solutions can promote a ...We tested this framework in a Mediterranean vineyard where we characterized, during 2 years, the responses of different components of weed communities (taxonomic and functional composition) in three inter-row management practices (tillage, cover crops and mowing spontaneous vegetation) and their effects on several grapevine processes ...Download scientific diagram | Effect of Inter-row Spacing and Weed Management on Weed Cover Score, Weed Density and Weed Dry Matter Production in the Early Season of 2009. from publication ...

During the grapevine dormancy period, 64.4 % of the winegrowers having a service plant (therefore excluding bare soil strategies) used a full surface coverage strategy. The others either chose an inter-row coverage or a row coverage and, a minority of 0.6 %, used a permanent plastic mulch on the row. After grapevine budburst, the ...Given the diversity of the strategies of service plant management, we proposed a typology analyzing their spatial and temporal dimensions. Further, we present a Coverage Index (CI), which combines both temporal and spatial dimensions of the service plant management strategies. We conducted a multiple componentsGiven the diversity of the strategies of service plant management, we proposed a typology analyzing their spatial and temporal dimensions. Further, we present a Coverage Index (CI), which combines both temporal and spatial dimensions of the service plant management strategies. We conducted a multiple components analysis and clustering to create ...Résumé : 'Service plants' include spontaneous vegetation or sown species of cover crops associated with perennial crops in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and services.Full-Coverage Service Contract. A full-coverage service contract provides 100% coverage of labor, parts, and materials as well as emergency service. Owners may purchase this type of contract for all of their building equipment or for only the most critical equipment, depending on their needs.Service plants include spontaneous vegetation or sown species of cover crops associated with perennial crops in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and ...Given the diversity of the strategies of service plant management, we proposed a typology analyzing their spatial and temporal dimensions. Further, we present a Coverage Index (CI), which combines both temporal and spatial dimensions of the service plant management strategies. We conducted a multiple components analysis and clustering to create ...Warranty length varies—typically two years for construction and five years for equipment such as central inverters. Given a 28- to 35-year plant lifespan, asset owners face full responsibility for decades of maintenance and repair after warranties expire. Identify issues before the warranty expiresService coverage is a crucial component of spatial decision‐making involving facility siting. Determining coverage requires knowledge about travel behavior and accessibility across a region, as ...These five metrics are covered path length, flight time, energy consumption, redundancy of points traveled, and percentage of coverage of the total area. Each of these metrics is described below. The metric (covered path length) is the length of the entire path covered by the UAV from the initial to the final point.

PDF | Service plants include spontaneous vegetation or sown species of cover crops associated with perennial crops in the rows or inter-rows with a high... | Find, read and cite all the research ...‘Service plants’ include spontaneous vegetation or sown species of cover crops associated with perennial crops in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and services. In vineyards, service plants target specific services depending on the management strategy implemented by the winegrower ...Row covers going on for the night. This row is being covered to help maintain adequate soil temperatures for seed germination in direct-sown crops. The covers are supported by fiberglass rods, wires, PVC hoops, plastic-coated steel hoops, or anything strong and bendable.So, service plants or cover crops? The answer is both — it’s simply a matter of scale. A cover crop is a planted crop grown during intercropping periods, typically not harvested that aims to cover the soil for various purposes. It is one of the applications made possible by service crops. However, service crops are not limited to ...Here, we present an overview of the current uses of intercropped service plants in temperate cropping systems, with the main services they provide and their management. (1) First, we show that a limited range of service crop species, mostly from the Fabaceae family, have been studied to date. This finding suggests that the diversity ...Cover crops play an important role in improving productivity of subsequent row crops by improving soil physical, chemical, and biological properties. The objective of this article is to review recent advances in cover crops practice, in the context of potential benefits and drawbacks for annual crop production and sustained soil quality.Cover crops refer to vegetation grown in the alley between vine rows. Benefits of cover crops are many, and the benefits depend on what species are planted and whether they are annual or perennial. Perennial cover crops, such as grass species, are commonly planted in established vineyards to facilitate worker and tractor movement ...1. Analyse of the system : sequences, bio-physical constraints, services expected 2. I dentiﬁcation of service-functions-traits relationhips and trait thresholds 3. Trait-based characterisation of species - Construction of functional proﬁles 4. Identiﬁcation of usages of cover plants and ideotypes of functional proﬁles 5. Choice of the ...Row covers are gaining interest in crop production for their potential to protect crops from insect pests, frost, increase soil as well as air temperature, and extend growing season, thus producing higher crop yield. However, research on the performance of green leafy vegetables grown under row cover in organic management system is ...cover crop and in organic olive orchards where herbicides are not used. Inter-row cover cropping: Spontaneous grass cover crops use of spontaneous flora growing in the inter-rows can bring great advantages to the olive or-chards. Grass cover crops have advantages for erosion control and water retention as they provide

‘Service plants’ include spontaneous vegetation or sown species of cover crops associated with perennial crops in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions and services. In vineyards, service plants target specific services depending on the management strategy implemented by the winegrower ...Service plants include spontaneous vegetation or sown species of cover crops associated with perennial crops in the rows or inter-rows with a high potential to provide ecosystem functions...Inter-row vegetation in vineyards is classified as a service crop as it provides many ecosystem services. The vegetation is often removed but maintaining them can mitigate the negative effects on the environment. However, the type of species or mixture choice can affect their success.Here, we present an overview of the current uses of intercropped service plants in temperate cropping systems, with the main services they provide and their management. (1) First, we show that a limited range of service crop species, mostly from the Fabaceae family, have been studied to date. This finding suggests that the diversity ...The vegetation cover in each inter-row and the plant species composition was determined in spring 2016 and 2017 in all experimental plots. We determined the percentage cover with grasses, herbaceous species and legumes in two 1 m 2 squares per treatment inter-row.Inter-row cover cropping: Spontaneous grass cover crops The use of spontaneous flora growing in the inter-rows can bring great advantages to the olive or- chards. Grass cover crops have advantages for erosion control and water retention as they provide effective soil protection and high biomass production.Sustainable vineyard management in inter-rows may improve biodiversity and ecosystem service provision in landscapes with a high density of vineyards.Here we showed that the abundance of arthropods generally increased in vineyards with low intensity of soil management that favoured the development of inter-row vegetation. Plant species richness ...Our results demonstrate that inter-row management practices affect vegetation cover, diversity of plants and some invertebrates. This can increase the provision of ecosystem services in Romanian vineyards, such as the conservation of species, soil erosion mitigation and potentially natural pest control. In agricultural landscapes ...The objective of this study is to propose a methodology that allows: (i) to identify different inter-row soil managements in vineyards from open-source RS data and (ii) to describe the growth dynamics of cover crops within the inter-row when the adopted soil management is known. Furthermore, a weighted version of the well-known NDVI ...

The weed populations in all three efficacy trials consisted mainly of grasses and broadleaf weeds, however, there were variations in the level of weed infestation, the specific weed species, and eventual weed coverage in the absence of herbicidal control in each trial (Table 1). Four and a half months after harvest, the untreated ...In particular, a trial of the mechanical weeding array in a fallow field over six weeks maintained the weed coverage in robot treated sections to be 1.5%, compared to 37% in the control areas not treated by the robot—a reduction in excess of 90% in weed coverage. BackgroundWeed coverage (spring after herbicide application to test if CA affects weed control efforts in the main crop) Soil nitrate content at three depths and three times (in early spring, after crop harvest in August and at the end of the vegetation season in November)It was held down with metal staples plus a border of soil, but this didn’t prevent it being blown away in the wind; we had to replace it three times during the trial after high winds and heavy rain. There was around 20% weed coverage on the plot at the end of the trial.???Jan 2023 Peter Berk Damijan Kelc Peter Vindiš The purpose of the study was to investigate the alternative methods of weed control in the vineyard under 'Sauvignon' vines to reduce ecological...Abstract. Cover crops (CC) are biological tools with a great potential for weed control, but the suppression level depends on the CC species and management. A 2-year study was performed in the eighth year of a long-term experiment located in Central Spain to study the effect of replacing winter fallow by barley (.Weed coverage was reduced by up to 75% using this most effective herbicide strategy and by up to 61% through mechanical weed control, compared to the control. The additional effects of post-emergence treatment on the pre-emergence herbicide control resulted in a 16.5% weed coverage decline.The different sowing methods had no effect on weed coverage or weed contamination in the cleaned seed. Increasing sowing rate usually had a negative influence on seed yield, while weed coverage/contamination was not significantly affected.Coverage was too low at spray volumes of 100 to 200 L ha −1, for adequate contact activity of both PA-MPEG and PA. Weed control was significantly increased when PA-MPEG application was made at lower boom height with reduced distance to weed canopy, or under warm and dry climate conditions. The results indicate the potential of PA ...First of all, a literature search has been performed (PubMed and SciFinder) on clinical trials which involved the administration of Cannabis for medical use over the last three years. Of the numerous studies extrapolated from the literature, only about 43 reported data on clinical trials on medical Cannabis, with these mainly being ...

Long-term field trial Weather Weed population 1. Introduction Weed infestation in crop production systems reduces both yield and quality ( Hance and Holly, 1990) by competition between the crop and weeds for water, nutrients, light and carbon dioxide, and also by allelopathy (Monaco et al., 2002 ).To address the lack of data concerning long-term effects of cover cropping on weed seedbanks in maize-soybean systems, we measured the size and composition of the germinable weed seedbank sampled from five trials in Iowa where rye cover crop treatments had been in place for at least 10 years.Download scientific diagram | Weed coverage after 50 days from the first and the second treatment. from publication: Technical solutions for under-row weed control in vineyards: Efficacy, costs ...In 2019, weed coverage was lowest for the CHEM-PRE/POST treatment, followed by weed coverage of the treatments MECH-C and CHEM-PRE. In weed assessment 3 (14 days after the post-emergence herbicide application), the average weed coverage of all treatments increased compared to weed assessment 2.Weed Inc.’s CEO stated that the purpose of the acquisition was to provide “double the quality, half the price..., while creating diversity and equality to the cannabis sector.” “In the Weeds” is McGuireWoods’ biweekly ounce of highlights in the budding cannabis, hemp and CBD industries.Leafly News’ experts had 74% accuracy for weed predictions in 2022. See what's next for cannabis legalization, weed strains and more in 2023.A Guide to Weed Life Cycles. It is important for those managing lawns and landscapes to understand weed life cycles, growth, and reproduction. This information can help practitioners find the best strategies for dealing with weeds.Cannabis strains & products predictions. In 2022, you’ll see autoflower seeds make unprecedented inroads. We’re going to see more hit GMO crosses, as well as the extension of the savory ...Arcview predicts that the legal market will grow at a compound annual rate of 26% per year to reach $21.6 billion in 2021. The primary driver will be legalization. Nine states loosened marijuana ...The URL Cannabis.com sold for over $5million last year. Weedmaps, the dominant mapping and ordering site on the Internet has a $500million private market cap. Traffic is king on the Internet, Google knows it, Facebook knows it, and everyone needs it. The cannabis space will be no different once the supply side agreements and grow numbers all ...

Discover opportunity in-platform. Open a free, no-risk demo account to stay on top of index movement and important events.A change of weed ranks over decades is quite apparent (Table 2, Table 3, Table 4). This change obviously correlates with agricultural practices ( Andreasen and Streibig, 2011 ; Salonen et al., 2013 ).Up to 90% weed coverage Mainly grasses (Echinochloa colona, D. ciliaris,M. maximum) and broadleaves (A. conyzoides, Cleome aculeata) 1141 mm (27/8/2015 to 8/2/2016) 3: Daintree: Q219 2R: Friable non-cracking clay or clay loam soils - Dermosols, Ferrosols a: 30/10/2015Index rebalancing involves changing the weights of index components to maintain its mandate or goal. This could include adding or dropping component assets. This could include adding or dropping ...This trial showed that the soil under the vines was covered by 80 % of the cover crop in August 2018 and 100 % in Aug 2019, with clover (T. fragiferum) comprising around 26 % and 70 % of the cover ...Weeds were surveyed in a trial where crop protection was spilt from and fertility management. Cover of 22 weed species, and five groups, was determined in six crops in 2008. Crop type and crop protection greatly affected weed cover, with fertility management less so. Cover differed between conventional and organic rotations and a ...The weed coverage (%) was estimated in 1 m 2 with four random replications per plot. The mean weed coverage (%) for each treatment was calculated as the average of the means per repetition plot.For example, in this investigation, the weed map identified both weed-free zones and weed-infested zones, which were categorized at three different levels of infestation, as follows: 1) low (<5% weed coverage), 2) moderate (5–20% weed coverage) and 3) high (>20% weed coverage) . Both the grid dimensions and the number and ...Weed Technology A Journal of the Weed Science Society of America 4, 918–920 (1990). Google ScholarISU Index Menu. iastate.edu; Index. A; B; C; D; E; F; G; H; I; J; K; L; M; N; O; P; Q; R; S; T; U; V; W; X; Y; Z; ISU Quick Links Menu. Directory; Maps; Safety; Sign Ons

Here, we studied the impact of four cover crop mixtures varying in species richness and functional diversity, three cover crop termination strategies (i.e. frost, rolling and glyphosate) and two levels of irrigation at the cover crop sowing on soil nitrogen and carbon dynamics, soil microbial diversity and structure as well as the ...The trial was conducted at Borderview Research Farm in Alburgh, Vermont (Table 1) to evaluate the impact of planting date and cover crop mix on biomass yield and percent cover at the end of the growing season and after the winter. The experimental design was a randomized complete block with three replications. Table 2.Ongoing research continues to identify and test “new” plant species for use as weed-suppressive cover plants (e.g., Brust et al., 2014), and nascent breeding efforts could further improve these and existing cover plant species in the area of weed management (Foley, 1999; Wayman et al., 2017).In 2020, the University of Vermont Extension Northwest Crops and Soils Program investigated the impact of spring cover crop termination methods on a subsequent soybean crop’s yield and quality at Borderview Research Farm in Alburgh, VT.Ground cover was similar between the tillage, no-till (21% cover), early termination, plant termination (21% cover), and forage harvest treatments. At Lancaster, weed ground cover for the late termination (8% cover) soil management treatment was lower than the no-till (22% cover) treatment, while ground cover was similar between the ...Introduction Cover crops are important tools employed in organic agriculture to improve soil quality and fertility ( 1 – 4 ). Living cover crops can prevent soil erosion during fallow periods and compete directly with weeds for sunlight and nutrients ( 5, 6 ).In the studied systems, the 2018 mid-season cover crops fostered a soil bacterial community distinct from early season cover crops and fallow, reinforcing the selectivity of some plant species. However, the difference in planting dates cannot be separated from the cover crop treatments, limiting the interpretation of these results.Over the past six years at the Cornell Organic Cropping Systems Trial, we have planted several species of cover crops at many times. In this article I will summarize how they have performed. First, a little background. We have grain and vegetable field experiments.Only “trad cover models” were utilised to test the main effects of T. fluminensis invasion on native plant growth forms as we were more interested in identifying patterns along the gradient of ...In natural ecosystems, positive effects of plant diversity on ecosystem functioning have been widely observed, yet whether this is true in cropping systems remains unclear. Here we assessed the ...

Here, a framework that incorporates (1) pin-point cover data, (2) visually determined cover data, and (3) ordinal cover classification systems (e.g., Braun-Blanquet cover data) is presented and tested on simulated plant cover data. The effect of measurement error when applying a visual determination of plant cover is considered.ful in comparative studies of cover meth-ods. A Field Trial A frame was constructed to contain five contiguous plots that Daubenmire de-scribed for use in his method. The goal was to reduce most sources of error in vi-sual estimates of plant cover obtained from plots. A trial evaluation of the frame was conducted on reclaimed land of TheModels for plant cover data Abstract 1. Plant cover data collected by monitoring schemes are often expressed on interval-censored scales to reduce field effort. Existing statistical approaches to such data may not make full use of available information, or may both induce bias and assume moreWith a mean GPP of 2.0 kg C m−2 yr−1 forests represent the most productive land cover on two thirds of the total area suitable for any of these land cover types, while grasslands and croplands ...Abstract. Changes in vegetation structure are expected to influence the redistribution of heat and moisture; however, how variations in the leaf area index (LAI) affect this global energy ...We expected that a low-to-moderate cover of T. fluminensis would need to develop before there were major changes in plant diversity, but that this threshold would be: (1) lower for plant growth ...This study presents the spatial-temporal variations in the vegetation coverage at regional and pixel scales... | Mainstreaming (Education), Landscape and Vegetation Dynamics | ResearchGate, the ...cover of vegetation over the 9000 ha Hay Press Creek Pasture near Jeffrey City, Wyoming. Most recently, advancements in digital camera development and lens technologies have improved image sharpness to 1 mm per pixel (mmpp) (Booth et al. 2006a), resulting in the ability to differentiate plant function groups and many plant species (Booth et al. 2007, 2010). One consideration with very-large ...The decline of arthropod populations observed in many parts of the world over the past decades is a major component of the sixth mass extinction currently observed 1,2.Although multi-causal ...Ideally the soil cover indicator provides an estimate of the number of days in a year when agricultural land is covered by plants or plant residues. The greater the cumulative soil cover, the less surface run-off is generated, and thus the erosion of soil and the transport of soil, nutrients, pesticides and faecal microbes to waterways are ...

Temporal diversity of cultivated and non-cultivated plants (rotation) The temporal diversity of plant cover, at the field scale, is primarily driven by farmer decision-making for crop rotations, cover cropping and green manures. Rotations have been used to reduce plant diseases, weeds and pests ( McLaughlin and Mineau, 1995 ).Identifying plant growth form impact thresholds would elucidate which components of the recipient vegetation community are most severely impacted by non-native plant invasion and hence help...The cover crop trial experiment consisted of 1.3 m x 4.6 m plots, with 3 replicated plots per cover crop. Prior to cover crop planting in 2019, the experimental site was planted with oats. After oats was harvested for haylage in August of 2019 the field was conventionally tilled with a chisel plow (20 cm depth) followed by a field ...The aim of this study is to develop a statistical framework that is suited for modeling different types of plant cover measurement in such a way that it will be possible to compare samples of plant cover data that have been obtained by different methods through time or space.framework. Ecosphere 5(2):20. http://dx.doi.org/10.1890/ES13-00300.1 Abstract. Plant cover is measured by different methods and it is important to be able to estimate mean cover and to compare estimates of plant cover across different sampling methods in a coherent statistical framework. Here, a framework that incorporates (1) pin-point cover ...Ideally the soil cover indicator provides an estimate of the number of days in a year when agricultural land is covered by plants or plant residues. The greater the cumulative soil cover, the less surface run-off is generated, and thus the erosion of soil and the transport of soil, nutrients, pesticides and faecal microbes to waterways are ...Plant cover was estimated as the vertical projection of all above-ground organs such that the total vegetation cover may exceed 100%. The cover of flowering nectariferous plants and total ...To evaluate the effect of three years of autumn cover crops on subsequent processing tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production in 2010 and 2011, a field split-split-plot factorial design trial with effects of cover crop type, urea ammonium nitrate fertilizer rate (0 or 140 kg N ha-1 preplant broadcast incorporated) and tomato ...Plant coverage had a strong positive total effect on aboveground biomass (β = 0.84 for shrubs, 0.88 for forbs, and 0.85 for grasses), followed by a positive effect of species richness, and a negative effect of disturbance intensity across plant growth forms. Our results shed light on the management of rangelands that is high plant ...In natural ecosystems, positive effects of plant diversity on ecosystem functioning have been widely observed, yet whether this is true in cropping systems remains unclear. Here we assessed the ...

The primary objective of the trial was to determine the efficacy of the CoVLP+AS03 vaccine in preventing symptomatic coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) beginning at least 7 days after the second...The trial was conducted at Borderview Research Farm in Alburgh, Vermont (Table 1) to evaluate the impact of planting date and cover crop mix on biomass yield and percent cover at the end of the growing season and after the winter. The experimental design was a randomized complete block with three replications. Table 2.This study aimed to evaluate the occurrence of mycorrhizal fungi and glomalin contents in soil under different cover crops, with and without the application of Nitrogen in the cover. The following cover plants were used: Crotalaria juncea (Crotalaria juncea L.), wild beans from Ceará (Canavalia brasiliensis Mart. ex Benth.), Guandú ...A recent study also reported that cover cropping has positive effects on plant production leading to an increase in crop yields up to 24% in reduced tillage organic systems but only of 2% in conventional system with tillage ( Wittwer et al., 2017 ).In this experiment, we compare the effects of four cover crop treatments (a legume cover crop, a non-legume cover crop, a mixture of several species, and a control treatment without cover crops ...without adequate soil protection and cover. However, growing cover plants and green manures in the off-season after soybean, including intercropping with second-crop corn (Ceccon et al. 2013), is a better option (Ferreira et al. 2018). Cover plants play a fundamental role in the no-tillage system, providing more straw on the soil,In natural ecosystems, positive effects of plant diversity on ecosystem functioning have been widely observed, yet whether this is true in cropping systems remains unclear. Here we assessed the ...In corn and soybean, weed ground cover was lower for soil management with cereal rye cover crop terminated two weeks after cash crop planting (≤ 7% weed cover) compared to all other soil management practices (≥ 23% weed cover) when a preemergence herbicide was not used.Our results suggest that cover crops may reduce the potential for springtime nitrogen leaching losses by retaining nitrogen in the soil organic pool, and they may also have impacts on the soil microbial community that are particularly relevant for nitrogen cycling and decomposition of plant residues. IntroductionThis study focused on a wheat-cover crop rotation near Havre, Montana that tested two cover crop mixtures (five species planted early season and seven species planted mid-season) with three different termination methods (chemical, grazed, or hayed and baled) against a fallow control under ambient or induced warmer/drier conditions ...

Over the 9-year rotation cumulative aboveground plant C was 12.2–20.2 Mg ha −1 at ... yield and a harvest index of 0.55 and 0.47, respectively. Biomass samples from CC and main crop were dried ...Here, we studied the impact of four cover crop mixtures varying in species richness and functional diversity, three cover crop termination strategies (i.e. frost, rolling and glyphosate) and two levels of irrigation at the cover crop sowing on soil nitrogen and carbon dynamics, soil microbial diversity and structure as well as the ...The aim of this study is to develop a statistical framework that is suited for modeling different types of plant cover measurement in such a way that it will be possible to compare samples of plant cover data that have been obtained by different methods through time or space.In natural ecosystems, positive effects of plant diversity on ecosystem functioning have been widely observed, yet whether this is true in cropping systems remains unclear. Here we assessed the ...Almost half of the arable land (46 %) was covered by normal winter crops. Cover or intermediate crops, plant residues and multi-annual plants occupy shares of 8 %, 7 % and 8 % respectively in arable land. The soil cover on arable land during winter varies among countries.The Green Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (GNDVI) was selected to develop two additional approaches. One is based on a regression biomass prediction model (R 2 of 0.80 and 0.66 for FM and DM, respectively) and leads to an accurate estimation at levels of FM lower than 3 kg/m 2 (0.6 kg DM/m 2). The other approach is based on a ...In corn and soybean, weed ground cover was lower for soil management with cereal rye cover crop terminated two weeks after cash crop planting (≤ 7% weed cover) compared to all other soil management practices (≥ 23% weed cover) when a preemergence herbicide was not used.Here we present a series of maps detailing the evolution of European forest cover during last 12000 years. Our reconstructions are based on the Modern Analogue Technique (MAT): a calibration dataset is built by coupling modern pollen samples with the corresponding satellite-based forest cover data.Globally, we found a significant ( P -value ≤ 0.05) relative increase of 20–24% (Δ rel) in the value of the sensitivity of energy fluxes to LAI over 2000–2016 compared with 1982–1999 ...Models for plant cover data Tweetable abstract Plant cover data may currently be modelled inefficiently. We explore two new approaches to getting the most out of interval-censored data. Key-words: Hierarchical Bayesian models, participatory monitoring, abundance data, time

The objectives of this study were (i) to quantify the influence of 5 cover crop species on formation and size distribution of soil macropores (>36 μm Ø); (ii) to explore the changes in the originally developed pore architecture after an additional season of cover crop growth; and (iii) to assess the relative contributions of plant ...Only “trad cover models” were utilised to test the main effects of T. fluminensis invasion on native plant growth forms as we were more interested in identifying patterns along the gradient of ...Abstract. Cover crops (plants grown in an agricultural rotation between cash crops) can significantly improve soil quality via sequestering carbon, retaining nutrients, decreasing soil erosion...However, plants under prolonged snow cover seemed to compensate for the shorter growing period, likely increasing carbon allocation to growth. In fact, these latter showed larger needles and low starch content at the beginning of the growing season. Variability between treatments slightly decreased over time, suggesting a progressive ...Groundcover or ground cover is any plant that grows over an area of ground. Groundcover provides protection of the topsoil from erosion and drought. In an ecosystem, the ground cover forms the layer of vegetation below the shrub layer known as the herbaceous layer. The most widespread ground covers are grasses of various types.If we exclude EUP, all treatments had a relatively high plant cover, at both the beginning (from 59.2% to 87.5% plant cover) and the end of the 2015 season (from 55.3% to 91.1% plant cover) (Table 2). Plant cover was low in the early season for EUP (17.6%) but reached 51.7% at the end of the growing season.We review current guidelines and precedents on the issue of coverage, as well as their underlying considerations, for four major study designs, which include de novo genome sequencing, genome ...Compared to plant-free controls, cover cropping had a significant impact on soil nitrogen levels in these short-term, springtime trials, but we found very few overall differences between plots that used different functional groups of cover crops (brassicas vs. grasses vs. legumes). By far, the most important differences appeared to ...Without annual winter cover crops to intercept plant available N, losses of N in Systems 1 and 2 were undoubtedly higher than in Systems 3, 4 and 5 that were cover cropped annually. For example, another study in the Salinas valley, found that winter NO 3 -N leached after conventional broccoli was 25.5 g m -2 under bare fallow and ...In natural ecosystems, positive effects of plant diversity on ecosystem functioning have been widely observed, yet whether this is true in cropping systems remains unclear. Here we assessed the ...

Aboveground biomass (AGB) stands as a pivotal phenotypic attribute in crops, wielding significant importance in monitoring crop growth, estimating yield, and evaluating eco-environmental quality (Walter et al., 2018, Li et al., 2021). Moreover, AGB constitutes a vital element in global carbon cycle investigations (Santi et al., 2017).1 Measuring Plant Cover I. Definition = % of ground surface covered by vegetation or other coverages including rocks, litter, moss, or bareground Types of cover measurements? - Need to define A. Basal Cover = Measure only the proportion of the plant that extends into the soil. 1. Basal cover is generally more stable from year to year and less ...In this final section, we discuss why plant growth measurements are important, and more specifically why the joint analysis of the different facets of plant growth is essential to build and inform plant growth models. 1. Coordination between cell production and tissue expansion.Different physiological plants traits, such as chlorophyl content, canopy temperature, and photosynthesis rate, and agronomic plant traits, such as plant height, leaf length, grain length, and plant diameter, are relevant in studying plant growth and development in the field .Cover Plant. The larger plant cover in the protected plot maintains, at a microclimatic level, a relative higher crust moisture content creating more favorable conditions for NA during the rainy season (Stewart et al., 1977). From: Emerging Technologies and Management of Crop Stress Tolerance, Volume 1, 2014. Related terms: Soil Erosion; Soil ...The data collected consisted of plant height (PH), number of tillers, number and length of leaves and fresh yield. The yield and chemical analysis of forage samples were analyzed for dry matter ...We conducted three separate experiments for the validation of canopy height, canopy ground cover, and above-ground biomass using the Phenomobile Lite. Canopy height was validated in Experiment 1 (EXP1), canopy ground cover was validated in Experiment 2 (EXP2) and above-ground biomass was validated in Experiment 3 (EXP3).We used an experimental precipitation gradient combined with mimicked acute hay harvest (clipping once a year) to examine (1) whether hay harvest influences precipitation effects on plant...Figure 26 shows that erosion is dependent not only on plant cover but also on plant height above the ground. For example, when plant cover is 100% but is 4 metres high, erosion will be about 75% of that on a bare plot; if the cover is 2 metres high, erosion will be about 50%; and if it is 50 cm high, erosion will still be about 18%. However, if ...The density coefficient is multiplied by a basal K c representing full cover conditions, K cb full, to produce a basal crop coefficient that represents actual conditions of ET and vegetation coverage when the soil surface is dry. K cb full is estimated primarily as a function of crop height.

Previously reported maize phyllochron values range from 61.7 to 85.1 °C d leaf −1 below the turning point and 25.3 to 35.3 °C d leaf −1 above the turning point (Muchow and Carberry, 1989; Zhu et al., 2014).Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf −1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day −1 ). However, such important parameter values are rarely estimated for modern maize hybrids.ects of temperature and photoperiod on the daily rate of seedling emergence (1/t50%) and the rate of leaf appearance (leaves d71) were quanti®ed for 12 diverse legume cover crop species. Six tropical or subtropical species were grown in 12 combinations of mean temperature (16.8, 21.8 and 26.88C) and photoperiod (11.5, 12.5, 13.5 and 14.5 h d71).We measured trait values and leaf areas of 17 tropical cover species grown for 1 month in a growth chamber. Strong positive and negative covariations were observed between SM, LMF a and RGR a , revealing a “syndrome” of traits and suggesting trade-offs between traits.Two approaches quantifying potato (Solanum tuberosum L. cv. Kennebec) leaf appearance rates were evaluated: a thermal time approach using the phyllochron, and a nonlinear temperature response...Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf -1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day -1 ). However, such important parameter values are rarely estimated for modern maize hybrids.Here, we conducted a series of experiments in the field to quantify and disentangle the effects of sowing date and cultivar on maize leaf collar appearance (LCA). A bilinear model was found to accurately fit maize LCA (R > 0.99); this model revealed a slower rate of LCA for the first leaves compared to the last leaves.Crop growth rate (CGR) and crop nitrogen acquisition rate (CNR) can be used as two indicators of the ability of cover crops to produce these services in agrosystems. We used leaf functional traits to characterise the growth strategies of 36 cover crops as an approach to assess their ability to grow and acquire N rapidly. We measured ...In this paper, leaf surface phenotypes are characterized for 349 leaf samples based on polarized light reflectance measured at Brewster’s Angle, and microscopic observation. Four main leaf surface phenotypes (glossy wax, glaucous wax, high trichome density, and glabrous) were identified for the leaf samples. The microscopic and ...Effects of different covering materials treatments on plant functional traits. The specific leaf area is closely related to the growth rate of plants. It can reflect the balance between the acquisition and utilization of carbon by plants [ 29, 30 ].

The analysis of plant growth fundamentally changes when the focus shifts from individual plants to communities, because land surface area becomes an additional reference metric (Table 2). For example, while individual plants may grow less or slower, growth per unit land surface area may still be higher, so that any quantification of ...For example, choose Delosperma brunnthaleri, a hardy ground cover that grows around 2 inches tall and 2 feet wide with yellow flowers and ideal for zones 4 to 9. Select Delosperma floribundum 'Starburst', a mat-forming cultivar with pink flowers and white centers for zones 6 to 8.However, when left to grow on its own, the perennial is a spreading shrub or ground cover, growing 1½ to 2 feet tall and 4 to 5 feet in spread. The plant thrives in zones 7b to 10b and grows in moist, well-draining soil. It prefers bright, indirect light with around four hours of direct sunlight daily.Ground cover was estimated from LiDAR using two methodologies: red reflectance image and canopy height. In contrast to NDVI, LiDAR was not affected by saturation at high ground cover, and the comparison of both LiDAR methodologies showed strong association ( r2 = 0.92 and slope = 1.02) at ground cover above 0.8.The coefficient of determination (R2) and root mean square error (RMSE) values for measured and estimated plant height across various growth stages were 0.93 and 0.17 m, respectively.1. Data description The dataset presented in this article (doi: 10.18167/DVN1/MNMXRZ) provides data on the growth of 17 species of cover crops grown as individuals in growth chamber during one month. It is composed of 17 rows and 18 columns.The study focussed mainly on questions (1) how do the ALS point cloud metrics change over time in thinned stands, (2) what is the effect of phenology on detecting thinning cuttings and forest height growth using sparse ALS point clouds from bitemporal measurements, (3) are thinning events detectable if both ALS measurements are done after thinning?Groundcover or ground cover is any plant that grows over an area of ground. Groundcover provides protection of the topsoil from erosion and drought . In an ecosystem, the ground cover forms the layer of vegetation below the shrub layer known as the herbaceous layer. The most widespread ground covers are grasses of various types.We used an experimental precipitation gradient combined with mimicked acute hay harvest (clipping once a year) to examine (1) whether hay harvest influences precipitation effects on plant...The objective of this study was to assess the effect of N fertilizer rates on plant N indicators: leaf N, petiole sap NO 3 and chlorophyll meter (SPAD) readings and the plant growth measurements; plant height, canopy width, and percent ground cover, and to determine inter-correlations among them.

The ability of cover crops to cover the soil increased with rate of increase in height and leaf appearance rate and tended to decrease with thermal time for emergence. Accordingly, weed control efficiency (low weed cover and dry mass) was positively correlated with ground cover, height and biomass. Using functional traits to ...The leaf-appearance rates are 61.7 °C d per leaf for the first through 12 th leaves and 35.3 °Cd per leaf for the 13 th and higher leaves (Muchow and Carberry, 1989). Moreover, the LCA rate from emergence to the 10 th leaf is 0.67 times the rate from the 11 th leaf to the flag leaf ( Abendroth et al., 2011 ).The ability of cover crops to cover the soil increased with rate of increase in height and leaf appearance rate and tended to decrease with thermal time for emergence. Accordingly, weed control efficiency (low weed cover and dry mass) was positively correlated with ground cover, height and biomass.The module will predict on a daily basis: phenological variables (leaf and node appearance, occurrence of stages of development, thermal time progression), leaf area development, nitrogen content and biomass of plant parts (including grain), depth and distribution of roots in the soil profile, root water and nitrogen uptake, water, oxygen and ni...The ability of cover crops to cover the soil increased with rate of increase in height and leaf appearance rate and tended to decrease with thermal time for emergence. Accordingly, weed control efficiency (low weed cover and dry mass) was positively correlated with ground cover, height and biomass. Using functional traits to ...Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf −1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day −1 ). However, such important parameter values are rarely estimated for modern maize hybrids.The aim of this study was to seek trait-based leaf area development strategies among tropical cover species, based on four plant traits chosen because of their mathematical link with leaf area development: specific leaf area (SLA), aboveground leaf mass fraction (LMF a), seed mass (SM) and aboveground relative growth rate (RGR a). We ...The leaf-appearance rates are 61.7 °C d per leaf for the first through 12 th leaves and 35.3 °Cd per leaf for the 13 th and higher leaves (Muchow and Carberry, 1989). Moreover, the LCA rate from emergence to the 10 th leaf is 0.67 times the rate from the 11 th leaf to the flag leaf (Abendroth et al., 2011).Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf -1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day -1 ). However, such important parameter values are rarely estimated for modern maize hybrids.This work has established the existence of genotypic variability in leaf initiation rate and leaf appearance rate in response to temperature, which is a promising result for maize breeding; and the interdependence between these processes from seedling emergence up to floral initiation.

Dry weight of weed aerial biomass in the pot trial. On day 28 of the pot trial aerial biomass of the weeds pigweed (A), goosefoot (B) and barnyard grass (C) and of buckwheat (D) was harvested and subsequently dried to obtain aerial dry weight (DW). BK, buckwheat; C, control; I, direct root interactions; M, no direct root interactions ...Dry weight of weed aerial biomass in the pot trial. On day 28 of the pot trial aerial biomass of the weeds pigweed (A), goosefoot (B) and barnyard grass (C) and of buckwheat (D) was harvested and subsequently dried to obtain aerial dry weight (DW). BK, buckwheat; C, control; I, direct root interactions; M, no direct root interactions ...Dry aerial perennial biomass variations between the end and beginning of the experiment were calculated. As a result, CD showed the best performance for weed containment (0.5 g m−2 weed dry weight in the third year), ground cover (63.1% and 64.3% of plot coverages during the second and third years, respectively), and producing ...The control of the aerial dry matter of weeds at the end of the relay intercropping period was better explained considering both legumes and wheat biomasses instead of legumes alone. In late autumn, 24 weeks after wheat harvest, weed biomass was largely reduced by the cover crops. Weed density and biomass reductions were correlated ...Legumes aerial biomass. At the wheat flowering stage, relay intercropped legumes showed variable aerial biomass ranging from 0 to 532 kg DM ha −1 (data not shown). This corresponded to a range of legumes/wheat aerial biomass ratios between less than 1% and 12%, with a mean of less than 4%.Download scientific diagram | -Dry mass of the aerial part (%) due to the application of the herbicides (a) imazethapyr, (b) iodosulfuron, (c) bispyribacsodium, and (d) penoxsulam on the white oat ...In this study, we obtained multispectral and RGB images using UAVs, increased available information with the help of image fusion technology, and developed a weed spectral resistance index, WSRI = (RE-R)/ (RE-B), based on the difference between susceptible and resistant weed biotypes.Weeds are a persistent problem on sod farms, and herbicides to control different weed species are one of the largest chemical inputs. Recent advances in unmanned aerial systems (UAS) and artificial intelligence provide opportunities for weed mapping on sod farms. This study investigates the weed type composition and area through both ...When weed presence extended to reproductive stages and beyond the critical period for weed control, however, CO2 assimilation and photosynthetic efficiency never recovered. Yield was highly correlated with photosynthetic efficiency and in a similar manner, declined with increasing durations of weed presence through reduced seeds per ...This approach permitted us to map weed-dominated cover at a 1-m scale (correctly detecting 93% of weed patches across the landscape) and to evaluate weed cover change over time. We found that weed cover was more pervasive and persistent in management units that had no significant grazing for several years than in those that were ...

This study aimed to assess the dry matter yield and nutrients accumulation by cover plants grown alone or intercropped in the second crop after soybean and their effects on cotton grown in ...The shoot dry mass of the cover crop was evaluated at 0, 90, 105, 120, 150, 180, and 210 days after cover crop management (CM) (desiccation) in the crop years from 2014/15 to 2020/21. The...The cover plants studied presented good potential for soil conservation, due to the permanence of residues on the surface, except for Mucuna aterrima and Crotalaria spectabilis . Keywords: nutrient cycling, decomposition rate, no-tillageThe experimental design was in randomized blocks with 11 treatments and four replicates. The treatments consisted of single and intercropped cover species. The evaluations were: dry mass production, nutritional composition of the plants, nutrient accumulation by dry mass produced and decomposition rate of the dry mass produced for each ...RSC Advances Direct surface analysis mass spectrometry uncovers the vertical distribution of cuticle-associated metabolites in plants † Siriel Saladin, *a Sara D'Aronco,a Gwyneth Ingram b and Chiara Giorio a Author affiliations Abstract The plant cuticle covers the plant's entire aerial surface and acts as the outermost protective layer.... It is also noteworthy that the management without cover did not produce biomass, as it was managed with the use of herbicides (Figure 2). Franco Junior et al. (2022) obtained a production of...Aerial imagery was obtained from a commercial aerial imagery provider (TerrAvion, San Leandro, CA) with a spatial resolution of 6 to 8 inches. The NDVI values were correlated to a wide range of cover crop treatments, including monocultures and mixtures of grasses, legumes and brassicas (Table 1).Figure 1. Setup of the tomato plant trial with 300 plants in each of the two control and two salt-treated plots. The plant trial covered an area of ~75 × 75 m, with each plot of 300 plants being 30 × 30 m.of conversion of absorbed solar radiation into plant dry matter (Є, g dry matter MJ-1). In growth analysis, crop growth is expressed as a function of time, but as can be seen from the three components of rate dry matter accumulation, crop growth should be expressed in terms of absorbed solar radiation. Absorptance of incident solar radiation (IA') The penetration or transmission of radiation ...Above-ground NPP (g dry mass m −2 year −1) was measured using a variety of methods according to the plant functional types present. These types comprised C3 graminoids (Poaceae, Junaceaa, Cyperaceae), broad-leaved and needle-leaved trees, dwarf shrubs, forbs and bryophytes (Table 1 ).

The higher nutrients accumulation in the plants occurred for Cajanus cajan (cv. IAC-Fava larga), Crotalaria juncea and Crotalaria spectabilis. The cover plants studied presented good potential for soil conservation, due to the permanence of residues on the surface, except for Mucuna aterrima and Crotalaria spectabilis.Download scientific diagram | Green mass and dry mass of aerial part of cover plants intercropped with coffee from publication: Coverage plants in the management of skeletal coffee | Currently ...The coefficients of determination of the linear regressions were 0.63 and 0.50 for fresh and dry forage, respectively. The RMSEs, which measure the precision of the model, were 0.682 kg/m 2 for fresh forage and 0.132 kg/m 2 for dry forage, corresponding to NRMSEs of 36 and 38% respectively.The average field-derived fresh shoot mass, fruit numbers, and yield mass for all plants remaining at harvest was 715.29, 532.06, and 226.96 g, respectively, whereas those for the control plants were 1070.67, 810.00, and 362.55 g, respectively, while those of the salt-treated plants were 355.56, 241.89, and 87.47 g, respectively.Fagopyrum tataricum (Buckwheat) can suppress the B. pilosa with soil coverage from 4.0 t ha-1 of dry biomass, reducing the number of emergence, the germination speed index, and the dry mass of the aerial and root parts of the weed (Pacheco et al., 2013). When analyzing the different parts of Fagopyrum esculentum (buckwheat), nineThe pots had small surface substrate in relation with total leaf area and consequently soil evaporation was lower than 2% ET. Water use efficiency of production (WUE) was calculated at the end of the experiment by dividing the increment in the aerial dry weight by the water used (g aerial dry weight per liter water).Direct seeding on permanent plant cover: grain production and temporary dry-season grazings (two exemples from Brazil). conserved—after harvest, the live cover recolonizes the field and can thus be grazed. Mixed systems involve annual sequences with a main crop and a subsequent crop requiring minimal inputs (producing grain for harvest and highA total of 30 plots were used for the experiment, and the individual plot size was 11 × 4 m 2. The plant density was 1.8 × 10 5 plants ha −1. Other basal fertilizers of phosphorus as calcium superphosphate (12% P 2 O 5) at 75 kg ha −1 and potassium as potassium chloride (60% K 2 O) at 150 kg ha −1 were applied to all plots. Weeds and ...Pot trials: In order to clarify the effect of different amounts of cover crop returned to the field on corn growth, we also designed a pot experiment to guide the scientific use of cover crops. The cover crop samples were air-dried for about 30 days under room temperature indoors to prevent ultraviolet light. Dried samples were ground into a ...Cover Plant. The larger plant cover in the protected plot maintains, at a microclimatic level, a relative higher crust moisture content creating more favorable conditions for NA during the rainy season (Stewart et al., 1977). From: Emerging Technologies and Management of Crop Stress Tolerance, Volume 1, 2014. Related terms: Soil Erosion; Soil ...

Weed control efficiency represents efficiency of weeds control by treatments in comparison with weedy check. Highest weed control efficiency was recorded in weed free plot (T 8) i.e. 96.57 per cent followed by treatment (T 4) Pendimethalin 30% EC @ 1kg a.i./ha (PE) + Imazethapyr 10% SL @ 100g a.i./ha (PoE) 78.00%. Treatment (T 7) weedy check ...Sulfosulfuron + carfentrazone weed control has increased carbon output, efficiency, and footprint. This is due to higher grain and straw yields as a result of higher efficacy on controlling...Weed coverage was reduced by up to 75% using this most effective herbicide strategy and by up to 61% through mechanical weed control, compared to the control. The additional effects of post-emergence treatment on the pre-emergence herbicide control resulted in a 16.5% weed coverage decline.The results depicted in Table 3 demonstrate significant variations among weed control treatments in terms of their impact on fresh and dry weed weights, weed density per square meter (m 2), and weed control efficiency (WCE). Weed densities, quantified as the number of weeds per square meter, were substantially higher in the weedy treatment plots, with a total density ranging from 108 to 142 ...Chemical weed control is the most efficient, economical and adopted method of weed management. However, the increasing problems of herbicide resistance, environmental pollution, health issues and off-target application are making this option less suitable (Liebman et al. 2016). Although different non-chemical weed control methods ...Physical weed control measures such as burning, flame weeding, and soil steaming can be used to effectively control weed emergence and growth through plant or seed exposure to high temperatures.Weed control technology must continuously improve to stay ahead of weed adaptation and evolution, and molecular approaches could potentially be explored as tools to control weeds. This review discusses the current challenges in managing herbicide resistance in weeds, and the molecular approaches that could be integrated into current strategies ...The results of the present study revealed that one hand weeding at 25 DAS was the best in terms of lower weed density (m −2), lower weed biomass (m −2), and higher weed control efficiency (WCE%). Consequently, one hand weeding at 25 DAS also resulted in highest grain yield (increased 28% as compared with control) of wheat ...Effective weed management is recognized as crucial for the ecological intensification of agriculture ( Petit et al., 2015) because weeds can generate severe yield losses ( Oerke, 2006) and current approaches to weed management rely heavily on herbicides.Grand Challenges in Weed Management. The current global population of 7.7 billion is expected to reach over 9 billion by 2050. To feed this population, world food production will need to be increased by 70 to 100% ( www.fao.org ). There are several biotic and abiotic constraints to crop production, in addition to socioeconomic and crop ...

Weed control efficiency represents efficiency of weeds control by treatments in comparison with weedy check. Highest weed control efficiency was recorded in weed free plot (T 8) i.e. 96.57 per cent followed by treatment (T 4) Pendimethalin 30% EC @ 1kg a.i./ha (PE) + Imazethapyr 10% SL @ 100g a.i./ha (PoE) 78.00%. Treatment (T 7) weedy check ...The results of experiment revealed that dry matter production of weeds, crop growth of hybrid maize in terms of plant height, number of leaves/plant, leaf area index and dry matter production along with yield attributes and yield were significantly influenced by the weed management treatments.The weed population, dry matter, and the crop biomass yield had a significant effect on different weed-control treatments. Imazethapyr (R) with HW recorded a reduced weed number (9.64 m−2) and weed dry matter (13.64 g m−2) and a greater biomass yield (235.03 q ha−1). All the herbicides with integration with HW decreased the ...The data presented in Tables 1, 2 and 3 exposed that total weed density and biomass was significantly affected by residue and weed management practices. At 30 DAS, residue management practices...Weeds are able to establish in agricultural systems when and where resources are in excess of what the crop is able to utilize. We discuss four strategies for manipulating crop plants in order to increase resource utilization and improve weed suppression.This study evaluated the performance of different mechanical weed control methods in terms of weed control efficiency to maximize soybean yield in organic agriculture. A primary focus was placed on assessing plant parameters during soybean vegetative and reproductive stages including yield components. Intra-row weed control using an ...Weed-control efficiency demonstrated that weed density significantly declined with herbicide use. In all three years, the weed control efficiency of T 4 was similar to that of T 5 (weed-free). The weed-control efficiency of T 4 treatment was 95% in 2015, 87% in 2016, and 94% in 2017.The results depicted in Table 3 demonstrate significant variations among weed control treatments in terms of their impact on fresh and dry weed weights, weed density per square meter (m 2), and weed control efficiency (WCE). Weed densities, quantified as the number of weeds per square meter, were substantially higher in the weedy treatment plots, with a total density ranging from 108 to 142 ...Results revealed that one HW at 25 DAS resulted in lowest weed density (numbers m−2) and weed dry biomass (g m−2), but highest weed control efficiency (WCE %), followed by the application of herbicide, using either PTOW or BARI weeder at 25 DAS. Consequently, one HW at 25 DAS produced the highest grain yield of wheat followed by ...The focus of this article lies on the relative weed control efficiency—groundcover (GC weed), dominant weed species (DWS) and their groups by life form (DWS group). The objectives of the analysis are to measure the main factor effects ( FC, management and row width ) and to help the understanding of guiding principles by evaluating ...

Under diffuse glass cover, high DLI significantly increased aboveground fresh mass (aFM), aboveground dry mass (aDM), total dry mass (TDM) and leaf area index (LAI) in both cultivars compared with low DLI (Fig. 4). Additionally, high DLI decreased aboveground dry mass content (aDMC) by 3% and increased aboveground dry mass ...For the landscape UAV dataset, the average fresh mass was 712.11 ± 536.86 g m − ² and the dry mass was 255.84 ± 178.83 g m − ² (Table 2). The random forest model was run on 230 subplots and the percentage of variance was 82.65% for fresh mass and 73.82% for dry mass (Table 3 ).Comparison of predictions by our best model with existing models of aboveground biomass (AGB) and belowground biomass (BGB) proposed by Chidumayo and Kachemba for miombo woodland trees (a and b) and the error of prediction (RMSE) expressed as a percentage of the mean (c) of AGB and BGB. Display full size.Total aboveground fresh mass (kg) produced over the one-year experiment for low and high-nutrient treatments for T. siamensis (TS); B. tuldoides (BV); D. strictus (DS); B. vulgaris (BVV); B....The results showed that the aboveground biomass of B. vulgaris had a carbon stock of 42.85 ± 9.32 Mg C ha −1, which was 73% of the total biomass carbon stock. The carbon stocks of belowground, coarse wood and litter were 8.57, 3.02, and 4.25 Mg C ha −1, respectively.Above-ground fresh mass and dry mass. ∗Means with different letters are significantly different at p < 0.05. PC = positive control. NC = negative control. t/Ha = spent mushroom rate per hectare.Above-ground NPP (g dry mass m −2 year −1) was measured using a variety of methods according to the plant functional types present. These types comprised C3 graminoids (Poaceae, Junaceaa, Cyperaceae), broad-leaved and needle-leaved trees, dwarf shrubs, forbs and bryophytes (Table 1 ).Modelling aboveground biomass (AGB) in forest and woodland ecosystems is critical for accurate estimation of carbon stocks. However, scarcity of allometric models for predicting AGB remains an issue that has not been adequately addressed in Africa.This 75% increase in the air's CO 2 content resulted in a 48% increase in aboveground plant biomass and a 56% increase in belowground (bulb) biomass. It also increased the concentrations of five bulb constituents that have been demonstrated to possess anticancer and antiviral activities.Aboveground dry mass. At the early harvest stage, the total aboveground dry mass was significantly reduced by both the reduced base fertilization rate as well as a split top dressing (Table 3). On average, this reduction was 6.5% and 6.0%, respectively. At the later harvest stage, the base fertilization rate did not affect the dry ...

Above ground biomass (AGB) is defined as “the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody) life forms, expressed as a mass per unit area” , typically Mg ha –1. Urban trees can account for up to 97% of urban AGB . AGB can only be directly measured with destructive harvesting, an expensive and ...An essential variable in the context of terrestrial carbon fluxes is aboveground biomass (AGB) density, usually defined as the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter, and typically expressed as mass per unit area (e.g. Mg ha −1) for mapped products (Duncanson et al., 2021). The routine collection of remote sensing ...Above-ground NPP (g dry mass m −2 year −1) was measured using a variety of methods according to the plant functional types present. These types comprised C3 graminoids (Poaceae, Junaceaa, Cyperaceae), broad-leaved and needle-leaved trees, dwarf shrubs, forbs and bryophytes (Table 1 ).In absolute terms, trees 100 cm in trunk diameter typically add from 10 kg to 200 kg of aboveground dry mass each year (depending on species), averaging 103 kg per year. This is nearly three...Aboveground Biomass. Aboveground biomass (≈320GtC) represents ∼60% of global biomass, with belowground biomass composed mainly of plant roots (≈130GtC) and microbes residing in the soil and deep subsurface (≈100GtC), with ∼9GtC of terrestrial and marine bacteria and ∼12GtC in fungi.Above-ground, below-ground, and total biomass (dry mass) were estimated to be 222.2 ± 21.1 (CI 95%), 30.7 ± 2.0, and 252.6 ± 20.6 Mg ha −1, respectively. The contributions of small trees (5 < D < 10 cm) were 5.7%, 10.9%, and 6.3% to above-ground, below-ground, and total biomass, respectively.Nature Ecology & Evolution - The fraction of plant biomass in aboveground versus root tissues has implications for carbon storage and dynamics. Here the authors collate a dataset on...Measured aboveground dry mass for individual treatments and growth periods and corresponding logistic functions (see Eq. 1). Aboveground biomass on 15 May 1990 (DM0) was not measured, but was...The simulated gsmax was related to aboveground (ABM) and underground biomass (UBM) increase by leaf area. Js and Z were continuously measured using sap flow and ZIM sensors. Our results showed ...Aboveground Biomass Definition. Biomass, for the purposes of CEOS LPV, is defined as the dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody plant) life forms, typically expressed as a per area density (e.g. Mg of aboveground biomass per hectare). Thus, this does not include non-woody or belowground biomass.

L’apex, le sommet de la plante, est souvent coupé par les cultivateurs pour favoriser le développement des branches secondaires. La plante se développe alors en largeur plutôt qu’en hauteur et les têtes se rapprochent de la source lumineuse.The field PH, which is referred to as the ground-truth height (cm) from the ground to the apex (highest point), differs depending on the plant growth stage, such as a leaf in the vegetative stage or an ear in a mature stage (Han, Thomasson, Bagnall, Pugh et al., Citation 2018). In the present study, the field PH before flowering was measured ...Single-row plots with 12.5-feet length and 30-inch row spacing were used. The final plant height was measured at maturity from the soil surface to the panicle apex. The environmental mean of plant height was calculated as the average plant height of the entire population in each environment.Consistent with this model, the quadruple mutant tcp8 tcp14 tcp15 tcp22 exhibits severe dwarfism and reduced responsiveness to GA action. Altogether, we conclude that GA-regulated DELLA-TCP interactions in inflorescence shoot apex provide a novel mechanism to control plant height.We defined the leaf length (L) as the longest extension from leaf apex to base (i.e. connection point of leaf blade and petiole). Leaf width (W) corresponds to the longest extension of any two points on the blade edge perpendicular to the leaf length axis, that is the axes connecting leaf apex and base (Shi et al., 2019a; see Fig. 1 ...Summary. Regulation of plant height, one of the most important agro- nomic traits, is the focus of intensive research for improving crop performance [1]. Stem elongation takes place as a result of repeated cell divisions and subsequent elongation of cells produced by apical and intercalary meristems.Phenology and plant architecture are examples of quantitative traits that are fundamental contributors to the adaptation of wheat. Major loci include VRN, PPD, EPS, RHT and genes from the CBF/DREB ...Altogether, we conclude that GA-regulated DELLA-TCP interactions in inflorescence shoot apex provide a novel mechanism to control plant height.High planting density increases plant height and stem internode elongation. To analyze bioenergy sorghum’s response to shading, the bioenergy sorghum hybrid TX08001 was planted in field plots ...We first assessed plant height and its related component traits; the W7984 parent was 22.07 cm taller on average than was the Opata 85 parent (P < 0.05).The internode length was 8.65% longer for ...

These arrangements are periodic. The denominator of the rotation fraction indicates the number of leaves in one period, while the numerator indicates the number of complete turns or gyres made in one period. For example: 180° (or 1 ⁄ 2): two leaves in one circle (alternate leaves) 120° (or 1 ⁄ 3): three leaves in one circleAverage number of leaves per cage = 15 leaves. Méthode de la moyenne du nombre des feuilles dans une seule boîte=15 feuilles. The plant is compact, with a small number of leaves .The results showed that more leaves (44.8 ± 1.17) and branches (18.2 ± 0.52) and taller plants (107.5 ±... | Weed Biology, Growth Analysis and Finger Millet | ResearchGate, the professional ...To calculate the average number of leaves, count the number of leaves on a single twig and estimate the number of twigs on a single branch, as well as the number of branches. Multiplying these numbers will provide an estimated total number of leaves.Leaf, any usually flattened green outgrowth from the stem of a vascular plant. Leaves are the primary sites of photosynthesis and manufacture food for plants. They are an integral part of the stem system and can be modified into a variety of other plant organs.However, larger leaves may be more susceptible to herbivory and have higher within-leaf support costs (Niinemets et al., 2006). A number of leaf venation properties also vary predictably with leaf size (Sack et al., 2012; Baird et al., 2021). For all these reasons, leaf size is a key element of numerous studies on plant functional ecology. Its ...In this study, we focus on the task of leaf counting. The number of leaves a plant has is one of the visual key traits (phenotype) describing its development and growth (Dobrescu et al., 2017). It enables growth rate estimation and is related to the health status of the plant and its yield potential (Telfer et al., 1997; Walter and Schurr, 1999).The arrangement of leaves on a stem is known as phyllotaxy. The number and placement of a plant’s leaves will vary depending on the species, with each species exhibiting a characteristic leaf arrangement. Leaves are classified as either alternate, spiral, opposite, or whorled.Leaves can be found in a variety of shapes and sizes. Most leaves are broad, flat and typically green in color. Some plants, such as conifers, have leaves that are shaped like needles or scales. Leaf shape is adapted to best suit the plant's habitat and maximize photosynthesis.Leaves by number. Fibonacci numbers are notorious for appearing in the most unlikely places, including the architecture of plants. Elsewhere in this issue, Didier Reinhardt and colleagues describe ...

A1: 7 days old AFTER stratification. A2: In my opinion，Germination means that we can see the radicel of the seed. 1DAG is the first day when we see the radicel of the seed.Emergence rate and duration (means ± standard deviation) and frequencies with <50% emergence rate and >28 days to reach the maximum emergence when analyzed by sowing date for each 20-year period and their interaction.The maximum emergence decreased from about 80% to 50%–40% with delay in sowing after irrigation. Seedling vigour as measured by shoot dry weight at 43 days after planting followed the pattern of seedling emergence.Germination to emergence. From sowing to emergence, seedling mortality, and hence crop establishment, is a problem when soil temperatures are high. Plant emergence and population establishment are the starting points of crop growth. In hot environments, however, the maximum soil temperature in the top centimetres may exceed maximum air temperature by 10° to 15°C if the soil surface is bare ...In contrast, in 2022, three irrigation applications were made: a first 3 days after sowing (DAS; 38 mm), a second (49 mm) just after the completion of emergence, and a third (36 mm) before wheat harvest . In contrast, no irrigations were applied in CC. Average air temperature from sowing until emergence was 14±1°C and 22±2°C in ...Crop emergence takes about 14 days at 10°C and 7–10 days at 12–15°C. Practice shows that conditions for sowing are suitable when the soil temperature at sowing depth reaches 10– 12°C. The most rapid emergence occurs at soil temperatures of about 25°C. Soybean in the stage of first trifoliolate leaves.The following traits were measured: Emergence time (days) and emergence proportion (%); expansion of the first trifoliate leaf (days); plant height at 10 and 20 days from emergence (centimeters); early plant vigor (from 1 to 9 scale); days from sowing to first open flower, beginning of flowering (50% of plants with at least an open flower), end ...Sowing date had a stronger impact on emergence rate at southern sites (1, 2 and 5), for which sowing in September was more favourable than sowing in July. At the driest sites and sites with sandy soil, mean emergence rates could be 5–26% higher in September than in July. For instance, at dry site 1, sowing in July or August led to ...No chemical or hand weed control is allowed after sowing (except when the subtreatment of chemical weed control is added) so that the effect of seed vigour and plant population on weed growth can be assessed.In brief, the model predicts germination and emergence processes after sowing, as a function of seed and seedling characteristics, sowing depth distribution, and seedbed physical conditions (temperature, humidity, and structure).

Flowering commenced almost 46 days after sowing at D2 as compared to about 27 days for D1 and 23 days for LD. The initiation and completion of flowering were induced much earlier under LD conditions (23–59 and 29–54 days over 2 years), when compared with D1 and D2. Many semi-winter type genotypes from DR subpanel took more than ...In general, plant age as x days/weeks/months old means the time after the seeds were placed in the respective growth condition, which is similar to DAS (days after sowing). The...Flowering dynamics in different maize lines (n = 162) as effect of sowing date and year, including point-in-time (days after sowing, DAS) of tasseling, pollen shedding, silking, and time periods (days) of anthesis-silking interval (ASI). These maize lines were classified into short – season (SS, n = 54) and long –season groups ...The crops flowered 94 days after sowing in 1979 and 83 days after sowing in 1980. Days to flowering simulated without the input of soil water was 83 in 1979 and 84 in 1980. With the soil water ...We next identified haplotype variation at these loci from exome capture data and explored the relationship with three traits: time from floral transition to flowering, time from floral transition to flowering after warming, and delay/advance in flowering caused by warming, measured in either calendar days or degree days.The results of a functional query with the keyword “flowering” for the DEGs showed that when the sowing date was delayed 23 days, there were 7 upregulated and 8 downregulated flowering DEGs in ...Sowing dates required for optimal flowering period. Sowing dates corresponding to the peak mean Y FHL mainly ranged from mid October (14 October) to late November (28 November) for ME1 sites and from early (2 October) to late October (28 October) for ME5 sites in the northern hemisphere (Supplementary Fig. S11). In the southern ...In rice, two key FT genes have an even stronger impact on flowering as plants with RNAi silencing of both genes had not flowered by 300 days after sowing . Mathieu et al. (2007) demonstrated that it was possible to design an artificial microRNA that could target both the Arabidopsis FT and TSF mRNA simultaneously.Adjusting the photoperiod to 10 h and using a blue-light enriched, far-red-deprived light spectrum facilitated the growth of short and sturdy soybean plants that flowered ~ 23 days after sowing and matured within 77 days, thus allowing up to five generations per year. In rice and amaranth, flowering was achieved ~ 60 and ~ 35 days ...(D) Timing of first flowering in control and warm-treated WOSR, expressed in days after sowing (DAS). (E and F) Pod and seed set on warmed and control plants in two independent 11-mo simulation experiments.

Popular answers (1) Eric van der Graaff Koppert Cress In general, plant age as x days/weeks/months old means the time after the seeds were placed in the respective growth condition, which is...De très nombreux exemples de phrases traduites contenant "days after sowing" – Dictionnaire français-anglais et moteur de recherche de traductions françaises.The crop life-cycle in the present study varied between 153 days for the Late sowing in 2017 to 191 days for the Early sowing in 2016 (with variation from 469.3–630.8 °C). Duration of the phenological phases was significantly different between years and sowing dates but not between varieties.between the varieties with respect to days after sowing (DAS). From 50 days after sowing (DAS), disease incidence was higher for bush varieties in proportion of 100 % than climbing varieties in proportion of 85 %. The disease was more severe on the bush varieties than the climbing varieties respectively in proportions of 39 % and 20 %. Climbing ...Around 15 days after emergence, the plots were thinned to three plants per hill. Fertilization consisted of an application of 150 kg ha −1 of NPK (15-10-10) after sowing. After thinning, 50 kg ha −1 of urea was applied and the same amount was provided during vegetative growth. Weeds were manually removed every two weeks after sowing. The ...Cyanobacteria showed a rapid expansion from before to after morel fructification (day 90–135), in all the three types of substrata (NC: P = 0.001; C1 and C2: P < 0.001). It is the biomarker phylum of C2 after morel fructification (Supplementary Figure 3).The average cumulated rainfall 30 days after sowing ranged from a minimum of 34 mm (En Crambade, in 2014) to a maximum of 125 mm (Mondonville, in 2013). Cumulated rainfall significantly differed ( p <0.01) among years, but not between sowing dates with higher values in 2013 than in 2014 for both sowings.mycorrhizal fungus Glomus mosseae, on nitrogen metabolism, fructification and environmental sustainability without P soil fertilization have been studied. At the harvesting fruit stage, the mycorrhizal (M) plants present a significantly higher concentration of mineral nutrients and organic nitrogen compounds. In particular, GLU, GLN, ASP and ...Sowing dates are determined by first determining the expected marketing date for the plants. The days to flower or sale are then counted back from the marketing date to determine the sowing dates. Schedules should be flexible enough to allow for the time needed for sowing, transplanting, and shipping, because none of these tasks are performed ...3.1. Effects of dazomet treatment on the fructification of morel. After 7 days of sowing, morel mitospores appeared on the soil surface. The number of mitospores was not significantly different between the control and dazomet treatments. After irrigation, the primordia formed.

P.O. Box 84 Lincoln University Canterbury, New Zealand. Abstract The base temperature (Tb) and thermal time (Tt) requirements for germination and emergence of temperate herbage species were defined using a linear model of development rate against temperature. A Tb of 4°C was found for all species.Instead of accumulating temperatures above 0°C, thermal time systems now use a base or threshold temperature, t base, which varies with species and is estimated as the value that provides the most constant value of k.The base temperatures for shoot emergence were positive and higher than for germination. The base temperature for shoot emergence in English acorns was about 3 °C higher than for Italian acorns (Table 4). The thermal time required for 50 % emergence was about 27 weeks higher for Italian acorns.Relationship between temperature and duration of one generation of a temperate (Meloidogyne hapla, T b = 8.25°C and DD = 554 °C days) and tropical (M. javanica, T b = 12.9°C and DD = 350...Download scientific diagram | Accumulation of above ground biomass as a function of thermal time from emergence (base temperature = 0°C). Sole crops are shown in closed symbols and intercrops in ...View PDF. The base temperature (T b) and thermal time (Tt) requirements for germination and emergence of temperate herbage species were defined using a linear model of development rate against temperature. A T b of ≤ 4°C was found for all species.The major driving force that pushes wheat through its successive developmental stages from emergence through double ridge, to flowering and maturity is temperature. Development can occur over a range of temperatures; below 0° C is too cold for most varieties and much above 30° C is too hot.All 48 parameterisation data sets that included both sowing date and emergence were used to calculate the median of the temperature sum for this interval, i.e. the value of P9 using a base temperature of 0 °C.Thermal time models were successfully developed for 0, 5, 10 and 15°C temperature amplitudes, using 28 constant and alternating temperature regimes. These models were then modified by linking seed germination in Petri dishes and seedling emergence in soil.We found an optimal temperature for cercarial emergence of 32.0 °C and 33.5 °C for Acanthotrema tridactyla and Cyathocotylidae gen. sp., respectively, which are the warmest recorded thermal ...

The base is 5°C in this graphical example that represents the temperature response of the phase from seedling emergence to flowering (anthesis) of a temperate plant such as wheat. The wheat developmental pattern is shown in (a) as a rectangular hyperbola (purple curve) in which the areas of the rectangles are equal. Expressing the same wheat ...Time step for temperature: Flowering time: Hourly / Daily: Actual: 246: Linear / Curvilinear: Fig. 5 #8: Temporal resolution: Time step for measurements: LER for L10: Beginning/end of night / Hourly: Zero: 1: Curvilinear: Fig. 6A #9: Temporal resolution: Long-term processes: LAR, flowering, maturity: Beginning/end of night: Actual: 1 ...Context 1 ... Expressed in thermal time, after flowering (temperature base = 0 °C) treatments were applied from 122 to 746 °Cd in Exp. 1, and from 244 to 401 °Cd in Exp. 2 ( Figure 2 )....Using the calibration dataset, an optimisation algorithm estimated the parameters To, Tx, and a, in Eq. (1), the total chilling units (TU in U) until the end of dormancy, the base temperature ( Tb in °C) and thermal time (TT in °C days) from then to full flowering.Phenotypic Evaluation of Flowering Time in European Winter Bread Wheat Cultivars. Flowering time is of importance in plant breeding as it is central for the adaptation of wheat to different climatic regions and consequently also affects yield potential.Though not significantly different to 8 °C, a base temperature of 8.6–9.4 °C (T b 8.6–T b 9.4) adequately estimated thermal time (TT) durations for the emergence-flowering phase while T b 0 was more satisfactory for estimating grain filling duration.Abstract. We assessed mechanistic temperature influence on flowering by incorporating temperature-responsive flowering mechanisms across developmental age into an existing model. Temperature influences the leaf production rate as well as expression of FLOWERING LOCUS T ( FT ), a photoperiodic flowering regulator that is expressed in ...From an agricultural perspective, increasing ambient temperatures between ∼12°C and 27°C tend to increase photosynthetic capacity, resulting in an overall increase in energy stores and plant biomass ( Bernacchi et al., 2009; Wigge, 2013 ).The authors started their investigation by taking several spring B. napus cultivars to measure their flowering time under optimal (21°C) and high (28°C) temperatures. Most of the tested varieties showed delayed flowering at high temperatures, except for Wesway, which flowered earlier at warmth.The cardinal temperatures describe the response of rate to temperature, where: T b (base temperature) is that temperature at and below which the rate is zero; T o (optimum temperature) is that temperature at which the rate is maximal; and T m, where the rate is again zero.

Instead of accumulating temperatures above 0°C, thermal time systems now use a base or threshold temperature, t base, which varies with species and is estimated as the value that provides the most constant value of k. Using this system, heat sum is calculated from daily temperatures above t base , as indicated by the subscript + in equation 2Pour calculer la valeur du nombre de degrés jour, il faut établir une température de base ( 6 °C pour le maïs ou 0 °C pour le blé par exemple), puis noter les températures maximale et minimale d'une journée. Dès lors, la valeur du degré jour se calcule ainsi :Thermal time (°Cd) required for fruit development, calculated by using 1/t = (T -Tb)/0, by using the calculated base temperature for each cultivar, and by using direct summation of tem­...La temperatura base y el requerimiento térmico para desarrollo de fruto, es decir, para la etapa fin de floración-cosecha comercial, son 2.5 a 4.4°C y 1028 a 1432 grados-día, respectivamente...P.O. Box 84 Lincoln University Canterbury, New Zealand. Abstract The base temperature (Tb) and thermal time (Tt) requirements for germination and emergence of temperate herbage species were defined using a linear model of development rate against temperature. A Tb of 4°C was found for all species.They determined that the flowering term under field conditions is best predicted by a linear model with a base and an optimal temperature of 6 and 25 °C, and curve model with a base and an optimal temperature of 4 and 27 °C. Based on the linear increase in degree days (GDH), the authors determined that from the moment of flowering ...Phase de développementTempérature minimumPlage idéaleTempérature maximumSemis11°16-29°34°Croissance plants18°21-24°32°Mise à fruit18°20-24°30°Maturation10°20-24°30° Influence de la température sur la floraison et la fructification TempératureInfluence sur la floraison et la fructification>35°Mise à fruit réduite ...where T max is the maximum daily air temperature at 1.5 m above ground level, T min is the minimum daily air temperature, and T base is the temperature at which cellular activity stops . The base growth temperature ( T base ) for forage species in this study was 5 °C, as determined by previous studies performed under similar ...Historical phenological data for four cultivars that were collected in the Pacific Northwest were used to develop the thermal time model. Base temperatures (Tb) of 0 and 10 °C and the best estimated Tb using three different methods were evaluated for predicting veraison in grapevine.Night temperature has long been known to be the determining factor in tomato fruit setting, with optimum temperatures ranging from 15 °C to 20 °C.

By integrating our RMF maps with existing aboveground plant biomass information, we estimate that in forests, shrublands and grasslands, respectively, 22%, 47% and 67% of plant biomass exists...Here the authors perform a global analysis of aboveground C accumulation in tree monocultures, identifying key predictors such as prior land use, taxonomic identity, and plant traits.Aboveground biomass. Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) is not only the basis for estimating forest carbon storage, but also an important parameter for evaluating forest carbon cycle contribution and forest ecological function. Data saturation and fewer field plots limit the accuracy of AGB estimation.Our results suggest that it is insightful to develop prediction models based on plant coverage for the estimation of aboveground biomass because plant coverage is the best proxy or indicator...Aboveground biomass (AGB) stands as a pivotal phenotypic attribute in crops, wielding significant importance in monitoring crop growth, estimating yield, and evaluating eco-environmental quality (Walter et al., 2018, Li et al., 2021). Moreover, AGB constitutes a vital element in global carbon cycle investigations (Santi et al., 2017).To screen out two or three vegetation indices for estimating AGB in the study area, we separately evaluated the importance between AGB and 19 vegetation indices for three different vegetation coverage by using RFR (Fig. 3).Plant coverage is a potential ecological indicator for species diversity and aboveground biomass in semi-steppe rangelands DOI: 10.1016/j.ecolind.2018.05.011 Authors: Anvar Sanaei University of...The study site was in Clungup Mangrove Conservation (CMC), Malang, East Java and included natural mangrove forests and well-planted mangroves. We used the simple ratio (SR) to estimate and map the aboveground carbon stock (AGC) of the mangroves based on the WorldView-2 image.LiDAR data have achieved high accuracies in the estimation of forest canopy height and AGB, but is normally limited in its spatial coverage and thus has to be integrated into a sampling scheme to...This paper reports on the use of drone imagery as a tool to support such analyses. Grassland aboveground biomass (AGB) is a reliable indicator of grassland ecosystem function and productivity, as well as grassland health [ 26, 27, 28 ].

The maximum coverage problem is a classical question in computer science, computational complexity theory, and operations research . It is a problem that is widely taught in approximation algorithms . As input you are given several sets and a number . The sets may have some elements in common.De très nombreux exemples de phrases traduites contenant "maximum coverage" – Dictionnaire français-anglais et moteur de recherche de traductions françaises.maximum insurance coverage - Traduction française – Linguee maximum coverage n — couverture maximale f · couverture maximum f · garantie maximale f insurance coverage n — montant assuré m insurance n — assurance f coverage n — couverture f · assurance f · reportage m · protection f · garantie f · f · champ m · retransmission fTraductions en contexte de "maximum coverage" en anglais-français avec Reverso Context : A single-family house; a maximum coverage of $ 300,000.Maximum coverage problem is to choose at most k sets to cover as many elements as possible. Dominating set is the problem of selecting a set of vertices (the dominating set) in a graph such that all other vertices are adjacent to at least one vertex in the dominating set. The Dominating set problem was shown to be NP complete through a reduction from Set cover. Exact cover problem is to choose ...De très nombreux exemples de phrases traduites contenant "couverture maximale" – Dictionnaire anglais-français et moteur de recherche de traductions anglaises.Throughout the analysis, OPT denotes the optimal solution of the maximum coverage problem; ai denotes the number of newly covered elements at the ith iteration; bi is the total number of covered elements up to the ith iteration (including the ith iteration), i.e., i bi = åj=1 aj; and ci is the number of uncovered elements after the ith iteration...La limite de couverture d’une police d’assurance correspond au montant maximum que l’assureur sera prêt à payer pour un sinistre couvert. Une fois cette limite atteinte, l’assuré doit payer tous les frais de santé pour le reste de la durée du contrat. En général, plus la couverture est complète, plus les plafonds de ...Traduction de 'maximum coverage' dans le dictionnaire anglais-français gratuit et beaucoup d'autres traductions françaises dans le dictionnaire bab.la.Many translated example sentences containing "maximum coverage" – French-English dictionary and search engine for French translations. maximum coverage - French translation – Linguee Look up in Linguee

Here we analyze the distribution and diversity of plant maximum height in relation to climatic gradients for ~ 19,000 Angiosperm species across China. First, we quantify the relationship between the mean maximum height with climatic variables to test the prediction that precipitation and temperature both should restrict the maximum ...The secret behind maximum plant height—water. Physiological coordination between plant height and xylem hydraulic traits is aligned with habitat water availability across Earth's terrestrial ...Plant height is the shortest vertical distance between the upper boundary of the main photosynthetic tissues (excluding inflorescences) on a plant and the stem or shoot base at the ground level, expressed in metres. The maximum plant height (H max) is the maximum length of a typical mature individual of a species in a given habitat.Abstract. Basic engineering theory and empirically determined allometric relationships for the biomass partitioning patterns of extant tree-sized plants show that the mechanical requirements for vertical growth do not impose intrinsic limits on the maximum heights that can be reached by species with woody, self-supporting stems.We hypothesize that flowering phenology correlates with plant height growth pattern and that the pattern is associated with functional traits including maximum plant height ( Hmax ), RGR, stem tissue mass density (SD), hollow ratio (proportion of central hollow of stem cross-sectional area) and leaf mass per area (LMA) in grassland ...We were able to relate r m to maximum plant height for a total of 339 plant species, with a height range of 0.02–110 m. 2.2.3 . Variance in population growth rate (σ r 2 )Species growth rates, measured as length extension or diameter increment of the most vigorous shoots on each plant, were correlated with a range of traits that included the maximum attainable height of the species, leaf size, LA/XA, xylem-specific conductivity and twig diameter at 40 cm from the tip (Table 1 ).Potential height is an important aspect of the ecology of a plant species 1, 2, 3. Potential or maximum canopy height can range from ∼5 cm to >50 m and this full range can be found at a single site. The benefit of height is pre-emptive access to light: taller plants shade shorter plants but not vice versa.Path analysis on plant height, hydraulic traits, and AI. (A) Four hundred thirty-one angiosperms [c 2 = 3.63, P = 0.06, standardized root mean square residual (SRMR) = 0.02, normed fit index (NFI ...max Maximum plant height m H act Actual measured plant height m P50 The xylem tension at 50% loss of the maximum hydraulic conductivity MPa K s Sapwood-specific hydraulic conductivity kg m −1s−1 MPa K L Leaf-specific hydraulic conductivity ×10 −4 kg m −1s MPa−1 Y pre Minimum water potential at predawn MPa Y mid Minimum water ...

The radiation use efficiency (RUE) of crops is a measure of the conversion of intercepted radiation to biomass. It can be calculated as a function of PAR or solar radiation, using shoots or whole crops, and calculated as the ratio or slope of the regression between biomass and intercepted radiation.This chapter reviews the various aspects of radiation use efficiency (RUE). Topics that are covered include theoretical analyses, experimental determination and measures, and sources of variability. Crop growth rate (dm/dt) could be readily estimated from successive harvests through the growing season. The studies that examined ...The analysis of radiation capture and radiation use efficiency in this study indicates that mixture performance was governed by species dominance within the mixture, with the species capturing most of the light determining to a large extent the radiation use efficiency of the mixture as a whole. Results show the importance of ...Radiation use efficiency is a valuable term to relate biomass accumulation to IPAR; however, the methods to estimate RUE require detailed measurements throughout the growing season. This study was designed to evaluate the use of VIs to measure IPAR throughout the growing season.Radiation use efficiency was highest during rapid growth (2.4 g/MJ) and lower during establishment (1.0 g/MJ) and grain filling (1.3 g/MJ). The low RUE during establishment was associated with a large proportion of leaves exposed to high radiation, and the intrinsically lower efficiency of leaves at saturated light regimes. The low ...Radiation use efficiency is a complex trait, dependent upon both genetic and environmental factors. As the interception of light is so intrinsically tied to productivity and yield, RUE is key target for future improvement. Advances in technology combined with an increased number of studies on light capture and productivity of plants ...The concept of radiation use efficiency (RUE) has been widely used in crop growth analysis. Following the principles of Monteith (1977), aboveground total dry weight (TDW) is expressed as TDW = RAD ⋅ FRI ⋅ RUE, where RAD is the incident radiation and FRI is the fraction of radiation intercepted by the crop. N is a key nutrient limiting crop growth (Sinclair and Horie, 1989). Hence, the ...Radiation Use Efficiency (RUE) defines the productivity with which absorbed photosynthetically active radiation (APAR) is converted to plant biomass. Readily used in crop growth models to predict dry matter accumulation, RUE is commonly determined by elaborate static sensor measurements in the field.A simple theoretical derivation of RUE was examined and results indicate that plants grown in glasshouses or in other locations with large fractions of diffuse radiation are likely to have greater radiation-use efficiency than observed under primarily direct radiation.Wheat yields are stagnating or declining in many regions, requiring efforts to improve the light conversion efficiency, known as radiation use efficiency (RUE).

Dictionnaire anglais-français average temperature nom température moyenne f Exemples : global average temperature n — température moyenne globale f · température moyenne mondiale f · température mondiale moyenne f · température planétaire moyenne f average annual temperature n — température annuelle moyenne f · température moyenne annuelle fAverage yearly temperature (1961–1990 Celsius) Burkina Faso: 28.29 Mali: 28.25 Kiribati: 28.20 Djibouti: 28.00 Maldives: 28.00 Senegal: 27.85 Mauritania: 27.65 Tuvalu: 27.65 Palau: 27.60 Benin: 27.55 Gambia: 27.50 Marshall Islands: 27.40 Ghana: 27.20 Kuwait: 27.15 Niger: 27.15 Qatar: 27.15 Seychelles: 27.15 Togo: 27.15 Somalia: 27.05 NigeriaParis annual weather averages. July is the hottest month in Paris with an average temperature of 20°C (68°F) and the coldest is January at 5°C (41°F) with the most daily sunshine hours at 8 in September. The wettest month is May with an average of 26mm of rain .. Graph.In winter, from December to February, the average temperatures are quite low: normally, the maximum temperatures are around 8/9 °C (46/48 °F). When Atlantic currents prevail, the temperature can become mild and can even reach 13/14 °C (55/57 °F), but the weather in these cases is cloudy and rainy; in these periods, the wind blows frequently, and sometimes can be strong.Climate of Paris. Autumn in Paris. Paris has a typical oceanic climate ( Köppen climate classification: Cfb) which is affected by the North Atlantic Current. The overall climate throughout the year is mild and moderately wet. [1] Summer days are usually warm and pleasant with average temperatures between 15 and 25 °C (59 and 77 °F), and a ...Average Weather in Paris in November. The weather averages for the month of November, temperature averages around 11°c and at night it feels like 6°c. In November, Paris gets on an average 61.40mm of rain and approximately 8 rainy days in the month. Humidity is close to 82%.How to Use: Climate (Averages) City Page The Climate (Averages) City Page shows average weather conditions for each month in any city. Jump to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) What Does the Climate (Averages) City Page Show? The Current weather, Location, Current Time, and Latest Report Change city Time/General, Time Zone, DST, and Sun & Moon tabsThe average temperature of the Earth’s surface is changing in order to achieve a balance between the energy it receives and the energy it loses. Global average temperature is a statistical indicator that is particularly useful for assessing global climate change.À quelle température doit être chauffé un logement ? Vérifié le 20 décembre 2021 - Direction de l'information légale et administrative (Première ministre) En général, un chauffage est ...Only days with a daily mean air temperature equal or below 15°C are considered for this calculation. Cooling degree days (CDD) index: the severity of the heat in a specific time period taking into consideration outdoor temperature and average room temperature (in other words the need for cooling). The calculation of CDD relies on the base ...

If we compare adult men born in 1996 versus those born a century earlier – men who had reached the age of 18 in 2014 versus 1914 – we see that the global mean height for men increased from 162 to 171 centimeters (cm). We see this in the chart. For women, this increased from 151 cm to 159 cm.The median (50th percentile) growth curves for males and females 0–20 years in the United States The study of height is known as auxology. [11] Growth has long been recognized as a measure of the health of individuals, hence part of the reasoning for the use of growth charts.The pace of growth in height has not been uniform over the past century. The impressive rise in height in Japan stopped in people born after the early 1960s ( Figure 6 ). In South Korea, the flattening began in the cohorts born in the 1980s for men and it may have just begun in women.Growth reference 5-19 years - Height-for-age (5-19 years) When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.Alterations in growth rate. At puberty, a considerable alteration in growth rate occurs. There is a swift increase in body size, a change in shape and composition of the body, and a rapid development of the gonads, or sex glands—the reproductive organs and the characters signalling sexual maturity. Some of these changes are common to both ...Summary The main factor that influences a person’s height is their DNA. However, other factors can influence how tall a person grows during development, including hormones, medical conditions,...The following are some average ranges of weight and height, based on growth charts developed by the CDC: Although a child may be growing, his or her growth pattern may deviate from the norm. Ultimately, the child should grow to normal height by adulthood.The changes in height of the developing child can be thought of in two different ways: the height attained at successive ages and the increments in height from one age to the next, expressed as rate of growth per year. If growth is thought of as a form of motion, the height attained at successive ages can be considered the distance travelled ...A normal growth rate is when height consistently plots on the same percentile on the growth chart, a rate of at least 2 inches per year during childhood. An abnormal slowing in height growth—dropping down percentiles—may trigger a full growth evaluation.General characteristics of height growth patterns in puberty between boys and girls. A total of 13,143 students were included in the cohort study, including 7,729 boys (58.8%) and 5,414 girls (41.2%), 7,729 urban (68.8%) and 5,414 rural children (41.2%). The average follow-up duration was 9.0 ± 1.0 years.

The leaf age index at the turning point varied between sowing dates and cultivars. In FK139, JNK728, and ZD958, the leaf age index at the turning point varied from a minimum of 52.84, 55.20, and 51.5, respectively, to a maximum of 68.50, 68.40, and 67.40, respectively ( Fig. 4 ).The relationship between collared leaf number and growing degree days (GDD) is crucial for predicting maize phenology. Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf−1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf oC-day−1). However, such important parameter values are ...Plant development is controlled by the leaf appearance rate (LAR) and our understanding of how LAR responds to environmental factors is still limited. Here, we tested the hypothesis that carbon availability may account for the effects of irradiance, photoperiod, atmospheric CO 2 concentration, and ontogeny on LAR.Results indicated that new 111-day hybrids produce leaves faster than old hybrids throughout the vegetative phase (7.4% and 3.1% faster before and after the ninth leaf stage, respectively), whereas new 103-day hybrids produce leaves faster only after the ninth leaf stage (9.4%).At 13/8°C, a large proportion of the plants died due to prolonged exposure to cold stress. Both high temperatures and high PPFDs increased leaf-appearance rate. Maximum leaf width was highest at intermediate temperatures and high PPFDs, and was strongly related to specific-leaf weight (R adj2 = 0.88).From the emergence to the V10 stage, leaf collar emergence occurs at ∼29.5 °C d per leaf for upper leaves (the 13 th and higher), and LCA is ∼10 °C d/leaf (Wuethrich, 1997). The leaf-appearance rates are 61.7 °C d per leaf for the first through 12 th leaves and 35.3 °Cd per leaf for the 13 th andThe relationship between collared leaf number and growing degree days (GDD) is crucial for predicting maize phenology. Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf -1 ) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day -1 ).... Although direct measurements are not available for all optimized parameters, a recent 462 study by [50], explored the variability of leaf appearance rate across 98 sites for maize in 463 the...Here, we conducted a series of experiments in the field to quantify and disentangle the effects of sowing date and cultivar on maize leaf collar appearance (LCA). A bilinear model was found to accurately fit maize LCA (R > 0.99); this model revealed a slower rate of LCA for the first leaves compared to the last leaves.The most frequently used hypothesis-testing model is the which assumes a linear leaf appearance process in thermal time, or equivalently a constant rate of leaf appearance, inferred by a linear regression of the times of measurement (in ATT) on the observed number of leaves, for each plant separately [ ].

Across the 49 plots nested into 17 sites, measured aNPP ranged from 99 g dry mass m −2 year −1 in montane heath to a maximum of 1481 g dry mass m −2 year −1 in intensively managed lowland improved grassland (Fig. 2). Overall, 91 % of the variation in aNPP occurred between sites.We predicted that drought stress, especially at low irrigation frequency, results in a lower aboveground dry mass. Furthermore, we hypothesised that WUE apl increases under drought, most...Measured aboveground dry mass for individual treatments and growth periods and corresponding logistic functions (see Eq. 1). Aboveground biomass on 15 May 1990 (DM0) was not measured, but...Above-ground, below-ground, and total biomass (dry mass) were estimated to be 222.2 ± 21.1 (CI 95%), 30.7 ± 2.0, and 252.6 ± 20.6 Mg ha −1, respectively. The contributions of small trees (5 < D < 10 cm) were 5.7%, 10.9%, and 6.3% to above-ground, below-ground, and total biomass, respectively.Straw mulching with no-tillage showed greater aboveground plant dry mass and shoot N%, leading to increased plant N nutrition, tillering capability, and grain yield. Our results indicated that maize straw mulch with no-tillage increased fertile spike and grain yield by increasing soil water and N availability and maximizing root-soil ...TNG1 and TNG7 with a row spacing of 37.5 cm × 20 cm had the largest amounts of aboveground dry matter and highest RUE values of 4.41 and 4.55 g MJ-1, respectively. We established that the higher the plant density, the higher were the values obtained for RUE and LAI. We also compared the different methods of estimating RUE and make ...TNG1 and TNG7 with a row spacing of 37.5 cm × 20 cm had the largest amounts of aboveground dry matter and highest RUE values of 4.41 and 4.55 g MJ ⁻¹ , respectively. We established that the ...High-Resolution Mapping of Aboveground Biomass for Forest Carbon Monitoring System in the 3 Tri-State Region of Maryland, Pennsylvania and Delaware, USA. Environ. Res. Lett. 14, 095002 (2019).Maximum yield of total above ground biomass (dry weight) was achieved in November of each growing year . Yields were significantly different between 2010 and 2011 (p > 0.05 for June, p > 0.01 from August onwards) throughout all months, except for July.Total above-ground dry matter (DM, kg ha −1), grain yield (GY, kg ha −1), maximum leaf area index (LAI max, ha ha −1), leaf area index at maturity (LAI mat, ha ha −1), kernels per plant (KPP), anthesis-silking interval (ASI, d), and the maximum content of leaf N during the crop cycle (N Lmax; kg N ha −1 ground surface area) of five ...

Above-ground NPP (g dry mass m −2 year −1) was measured using a variety of methods according to the plant functional types present. These types comprised C3 graminoids (Poaceae, Junaceaa, Cyperaceae), broad-leaved and needle-leaved trees, dwarf shrubs, forbs and bryophytes (Table 1 ).The LMA was calculated as the ratio of leaf dry mass and leaf area. The LD was calculated as the ratio of LMA and LVA (leaf thickness) .Characterization of the response in leaf dry mass per unit area (LMA) of plants grown in a range of environmental conditions: (a) daily photon irradiance (DPI); (b) red : far-red ratio (R/FR); (c) UV-B; (d) CO 2 concentration; (e) ozone; (f) nutrient availability; (g) water availability (drought stress); (h) waterlogging; (i ...Trait records for SLA (leaf area per leaf dry mass) were converted to LMA (leaf dry mass per leaf area): LMA = 1/SLA. - Imputation of N massLeaf dry mass per area is generally positively related to both density and thickness, but D and T are not necessarily correlated (Witkowski and Lamont 1991, Garnier and Freijsen 1994, Niinemets 1999b, Wilson et al. 1999), suggesting that control over these variables may be exerted by different mechanisms. According toGLOBAL‐SCALE CLIMATIC CONTROLS OF LEAF DRY MASS PER AREA, DENSITY, AND THICKNESS IN TREES AND SHRUBS - Niinemets - 2001 - Ecology - Wiley Online Library.Here, the authors show that leaf water affects other leaf traits and is a better predictor of whole-leaf photosynthesis and leaf area than leaf nitrogen or phosphorus content.1. Introduction. Leaf dry matter content, also known as the leaf mass per area (LMA), is an indicator of vegetation growing condition. It is defined as the ratio of leaf dry mass to leaf area (unit, g / c m 2), and is widely used a key parameter for studies of terrestrial ecosystem monitoring (Schimel et al., 2015), species identification (Poorter et al., 2009), and fire risk management ...MEASUREMENT OF ABOVE-GROUND NET PRIMARY PRODUCTION Above-ground NPP (g dry mass m 2 year 1) was measured using a variety of methods according to the plant functional types pre-sent. These types comprised C3 graminoids (Poaceae, Junaceaa, Cyperaceae), broad-leaved and needle-leaved trees, dwarf shrubs, forbs and bryophytes (Table 1). All plots ...Many studies have related LMA to gross leaf structure, i.e. to leaf area (LA) and mass (LM), given that LMA = LM/LA, or to leaf thickness (LT) and dry mass density (LD, i.e. dry mass per hydrated volume), given that LMA = LT 9 LD (Witkowski & Lamont 1991; Shipley 1995; Niinemets 1999; Poorter et al. 2009). Gross leaf structure can inﬂuence other

Above-ground neutron intensity as a function of air humidity and soil moisture simulated by URANOS applying a simulated detector response function. The contour lines show the extrapolated intensity change in steps of 5%. For dry soils air humidity has a stronger effect as neutrons travel over longer distances. The effect of water vapor is non ...Investigating the above-ground neutron ﬂux through a broadly based Monte-Carlo simulation campaign revealed a more detailed understanding of different contributions to this signal, especially ...Investigating the above-ground neutron flux through a broadly based Monte-Carlo simulation campaign revealed a more detailed understanding of different contributions to this signal, especially targeting air humidity corrections. The packages MCNP and URANOS were used to derive a function able to describe the respective dependencies, including ...Our analysis indicated that climatic factors, especially climatic humidity (i.e., de Martonne index), had a strongly positive effect on the aboveground biomass and species richness. Therefore, climatic factors may be the key drivers of the species richness–biomass relationships at regional level in the Mongolian Plateau steppes ...High relative humidity, which can significantly decrease the indoor thermal comfort, is thus a serious concern for underground buildings. In order to avoid high relative humidity, some studies have shown that proper air exchange rates and earth covers (e.g., plastic sheets or insulation materials) are required to avoid moisture ...The direct effects of relative humidity and soil on aboveground biomass (AGB) versus the indirect effects mediated by stand structural diversity remain unclear in forest ecosystems across large-scale elevation gradients. Forest inventory data containing 15,260 individual trees and 104 tree species from 200 forest plots were collected ...L'humidité absolue désigne la quantité de vapeur d'eau contenue dans l'air. Elle s'exprime en gramme d'eau par mètre cube d'air (g/m 3 ). Cette quantité est invariante, elle n'est pas soumise aux variations de la température. En effet, l'air est un mélange d'air sec et de vapeur d'eau et un mètre cube d'air contient toujours quelques ...In this sense, this study aimed to estimate the aboveground biomass (AGB) and carbon stocked by mangrove species in a stretch along the Piraquê-Açu River in southeastern Brazil, and to verify their relation with some soil parameters. For such, the height and diameter of all trees inside six plots of 100 m2 were measured and used to ...This work deals with the effect of climate (through a single parameter which is humidity), soil (through a single parameter which is phosphorus content), latitude, and species richness on the production of aboveground biomass of 5 different forests.Moisture and humidity dependence of the above-ground cosmic-ray neutron intensity. The novel method of Cosmic-ray neutron sensing (CRNS) allows non-invasive soil moisture measurements at a hectometer scaled footprint.

We test the performance of two leaf traits – leaf dry matter content (LDMC) and specific leaf area (SLA) – as predictors of above-ground NPP (aNPP) across a realistically wide productivity gradient using comprehensive measurements of aNPP comprising the full range of plant functional types that dominate temperate ecosystems.An essential variable in the context of terrestrial carbon fluxes is aboveground biomass (AGB) density, usually defined as the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter, and typically expressed as mass per unit area (e.g. Mg ha −1) for mapped products (Duncanson et al., 2021).Above ground biomass (AGB) is defined as “the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody) life forms, expressed as a mass per unit area” , typically Mg ha –1. Urban trees can account for up to 97% of urban AGB . AGB can only be directly measured with destructive harvesting, an expensive and ...Swamy, Dutt, Murthy, Mishra, & Bargali (2010) reported that the AGB in tropical evergreen forest of the Western Ghats ranged between 416 and 552.9 t ha −1 that is slightly on higher range compared to the present study.In absolute terms, trees 100 cm in trunk diameter typically add from 10 kg to 200 kg of aboveground dry mass each year (depending on species), averaging 103 kg per year. This is nearly three...Measured aboveground dry mass for individual treatments and growth periods and corresponding logistic functions (see Eq. 1). Aboveground biomass on 15 May 1990 (DM0) was not measured, but was...On the basis of D -based allometry and census data from 23 plots established in the upper Rio Negro region, we estimated a stand-level total biomass (dry mass) of 252.6 Mg ha −1 HighlightsBy integrating our RMF maps with existing aboveground plant biomass information, we estimate that in forests, shrublands and grasslands, respectively, 22%, 47% and 67% of plant biomass exists...The main goals of this study were to initially investigate the effects of plant densities on the aboveground dry matter of corn, and subsequently examine the effects of plant densities on RUE and leaf area index (LAI), and the effects of LAI on RUE. Finally, we provide a comparative assessment of the approaches used to determine RUE.

We found that leaf dry matter content (LDMC) as opposed to specific leaf area (SLA) was the superior predictor of aNPP (R 2 = 0·55). Directly measured in situ trait values for the dominant species improved estimation of aNPP significantly.Leaf mass per area (LMA) is a morphological trait widely used as a good indicator of plant functioning (i.e. photosynthetic and respiratory rates, chemical composition, resistance to herbivory, etc.). The LMA can be broken down into the leaf density (LD) and leaf volume to area ratio (LVA or thickness), which in turn are determined ...Leaf mass per area (LMA) (unit: g m −2) Leaf dry mass per unit of lamina surface area (TOP: leaf mass per area, the ratio of the dry mass of a leaf to its area).Abstract. Leaf dry mass per unit area (LMA) is a product of leaf thickness ( T) and of density ( D ). Greater T is associated with greater foliar photosynthetic rates per unit area because of accumulation of photosynthetic compounds; greater D results in decreased foliage photosynthetic potentials per unit dry mass because of lower ...In this study, we used dry mass-based LWC (i.e. the ratio of leaf water mass to leaf dry mass, g g −1), which was calculated from the fresh mass-based leaf water content or LDMC reported in the ...Relationship between (a) leaf volume per area (LVA) with leaf dry mass per unit area (LMA) and (b) leaf density (LD) with LMA for a number of across-species comparisons. Each functional group from each study is represented by a regression line (following type II regression of Warton et al ., 2006 ).Abstract. Leaf dry mass per unit leaf area (LMA) is a central trait in ecology, but its anatomical and compositional basis has been unclear. An explicit mathematical and physical framework for quantifying the cell and tissue determinants of LMA will enable tests of their influence on species, communities and ecosystems.pin 1997; Suding et al. 2008; Reich 2014). We test the per-formance of two leaf traits – leaf dry matter content (LDMC) and speciﬁc leaf area (SLA) – as predictors of above-ground NPP (aNPP) across a realistically wide pro-ductivity gradient using comprehensive measurements of aNPP comprising the full range of plant functional typesLeaf dry mass per area (LMA) is a leaf morphological trait that has often been used as an indicator of sclerophylly (Gratani and Varone, 2006) and a recent review by Flexas et al. examined the relationship between LMA and g m, summarizing data from 17 studies.We used the relationship between petiole width and leaf mass to estimate leaf dry mass per area (LMA), a leaf functional trait negatively correlated with rate of return-on-investment. We found no evidence for a shift in this leaf-economic trait across the KPB: LMA remained consistent in both its median and overall distribution from ...

Above-ground neutron intensity as a function of air humidity and soil moisture simulated by URANOS applying a simulated detector response function. The contour lines show the extrapolated intensity change in steps of 5%. For dry soils air humidity has a stronger effect as neutrons travel over longer distances. The effect of water vapor is non ...Our analysis indicated that climatic factors, especially climatic humidity (i.e., de Martonne index), had a strongly positive effect on the aboveground biomass and species richness. Therefore, climatic factors may be the key drivers of the species richness–biomass relationships at regional level in the Mongolian Plateau steppes ...The direct effects of relative humidity and soil on aboveground biomass (AGB) versus the indirect effects mediated by stand structural diversity remain unclear in forest ecosystems across large-scale elevation gradients. Forest inventory data containing 15,260 individual trees and 104 tree species from 200 forest plots were collected ...and Air Humidity Dependence of the Above-Ground Cosmic-Ray Neutron Intensity. Front. Water 2:544847. doi: 10.3389/frwa.2020.544847 Soil Moisture and Air Humidity Dependence of the Above-Ground ...In this study, we developed a three-way carbon dioxide (CO 2) flux-partitioning algorithm that separates net ecosystem exchange (NEE) into aboveground plant respiration (R above), belowground root and soil respiration (R below), and gross primary production (GPP).This work deals with the effect of climate (through a single parameter which is humidity), soil (through a single parameter which is phosphorus content), latitude, and species richness on the production of aboveground biomass of 5 different forests.Investigating the above-ground neutron flux through a broadly based Monte-Carlo simulation campaign revealed a more detailed understanding of different contributions to this signal, especially targeting air humidity corrections. The packages MCNP and URANOS were used to derive a function able to describe the respective dependencies, including ...Climate change is predicted to affect plant growth, but also the allocation of biomass to aboveground and belowground plant parts. To date, studies have mostly focused on aboveground biomass, while belowground biomass and allocation patterns have received less attention. We investigated changes in biomass allocation along a controlled gradient ...FIGURE 4 | Above-ground neutron intensity as a function of air humidity and soil moisture simulated by URANOS applying a simulated detector response is higher. This could lead to a larger difference in the flux between function. The contour lines show the extrapolated intensity change in steps of 5%. For dry soils air humidity has a stronger ...In this sense, this study aimed to estimate the aboveground biomass (AGB) and carbon stocked by mangrove species in a stretch along the Piraquê-Açu River in southeastern Brazil, and to verify their relation with some soil parameters. For such, the height and diameter of all trees inside six plots of 100 m2 were measured and used to ...

The most utilized cover crops in both types of experiments were grasses, representing 43% of researcher experiments and 65% of on-farm experiments. On-farm experiments were more likely to include mixtures (33%) compared to researcher experiments (21%).In the 2019–2020 survey, non-adopters of cover crops reported the following land tenure: 39% owned all the land they farmed, 10.4% owned 76–99, 7.8% owned 51–75, 7.8% owned 26–50, 19.5% owned 1–25, and 15.6% owned none of the land they farmed.On U.S. cropland, the use of cover crops increased by 50 percent between 2012 and 2017. During this same period, Federal and State conservation programs increased efforts to promote cover crops through financial and technical assistance. When farmers introduce cover cropsAlmost half of the arable land (46 %) was covered by normal winter crops. Cover or intermediate crops, plant residues and multi-annual plants occupy shares of 8 %, 7 % and 8 % respectively in arable land. The soil cover on arable land during winter varies among countries.In this Perspective, we estimate land use requirements to supply the United States maize production area with cover crop seed, finding that across 18 cover crops, on average 2.4% (median 2.1%) of ...Here, we studied the impact of four cover crop mixtures varying in species richness and functional diversity, three cover crop termination strategies (i.e. frost, rolling and glyphosate) and two levels of irrigation at the cover crop sowing on soil nitrogen and carbon dynamics, soil microbial diversity and structure as well as the ...Table 5 Linear mixed regression model parameter estimates (SE) for cover crop effects on profit margin ratios across all main crops, grain and oilseed, and vegetable crops from 2007 to 2016 (Sites ...Cover crops are those crops that are planted to increase the health of the soil, reduce the weeds, enhance water availability, help to control pests, prevent sun damage, and slow erosion during periods when a farmer's commercial crops are not being grown there (Niggli, 2015). Cover crops are planted in rotation with other crops and provide needed breaks to land that can lead to increased yield ...In this study, we explore the potential of winter annual legume cover crops to augment soil organic carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) stocks within a horticultural cropping system under climate conditions that allow only modest cover crop biomass production. We compared hairy vetch, cereal rye, red clover, and a hairy vetch/rye biculture ...Our remote sensing classification revealed that only ~6% of farmland had winter cover crops in 2021 and 0.26% of farmland had hedgerows or windbreaks in 2018. Thirty-seven percent of ranch parcels had cover crops on at least 5% of the ranch while 22% of ranches had at least one hedgerow/windbreak. Nearly 16% of farmland had other ...

Ground cover plants are also great for covering tricky sites, such as slopes, which are difficult to access and plant. Some can also be grown as an alternative to a lawn. As they cover the soil, ground cover plants are great for suppressing weeds.Ice plant is a perennial succulent ground cover with fleshy leaves and colorful flowers. It gets its name because light reflects off its hairy growths and sparkles on the landscape. It gets its name because light reflects off its hairy growths and sparkles on the landscape.Our top 5 ground cover plants: Hebe pinguifolia ‘Pagei’ AGM; Pachysandra terminalis ‘Variegata’ AGM; Vinca minor ‘Atropurpurea’ AGM; Bergenia ‘Silberlicht’ AGM; Rubus tricolorSide growth: Branches on the side of the plant extend outwards upon contact with the soil. Base growth: New plants produced from the base of the origin plant. Under/Above-ground growth: Produced from rhizomes and stolons; Roots; Like most foliage, groundcover reacts to both natural and anthropogenic disturbances. These responses can ...These plants are sure to enhance your garden without demanding lots of care. 1. Common soapwort. Perhaps the name “soapwort” ( Saponaria officinalis) is not the best name for this gorgeous ground cover plant. From May to September, this perennial blooms with delicate pink and white flower clusters.Ground cover plants are often chosen for aesthetic considerations, such as to introduce new colors or textures into a landscape. Or they can be chosen for practical purposes to cover ground where turf grass does not thrive or is not practical. For example, areas of a yard that are deeply shaded might be a good spot for an alternative ...Best ground cover plants: cover bare soil and save on weeding time with these top picks Include our pick of the best ground cover plants in your garden and you'll add interest to tricky areas of the garden with dense planting that looks good and is easy to care forIn landscaping, ground cover plants usually refers to low-lying plants with a creeping or spreading habit, often evergreen and with twiggy dense growth. But the truth is, any plant that’s no more than three feet at maturity can be regarded as ground cover, especially when planted as a group.Characterized, in part, by how wide-ranging they are, groundcovers can be evergreen or deciduous, low- or tall-growing, clump-forming, trailing, or weeping. But they also share common traits. All groundcovers spread, colonizing areas often relegated to mulch or where turfgrass fears to take hold.

The highest cane yield was recorded in the unsprayed 16-month harvest age treatment, while the highest sucrose yield was recorded in the M + FF ripener combination 12-month harvest age treatment in all the studies. The economic analysis showed the highest marginal rate of return and net revenue in the M + FF ripener combination 12 ...The physical properties of the sugarcane (stalk length and diameter, population density and yield) were measured in the experimental plots in Bundaberg in 2014 and Macknade in 2015 that had...The best results for predicting sugarcane yield by engine parameters were obtained from the RF model with a mean absolute percent error (MAPE) of 5.6%, and root mean square error (RMSE) of 7.0 Mg ha−1. The MLR and ANN models have a MAPE of 7.8% and 5.6%, respectively.3.3.1. Cane Yield. Sugar cane varieties and harvesting age had a significant impact on cane yield ton ha-1 month-1 (Table 3). The maximum value of cane yield ton ha-1 month-1 was recorded at the harvesting age of 16 months for both sugarcane varieties. However, the minimum value was found at the harvesting age of 13 months for both ...To determine the profit from harvesting a farm paddock on a particular date, expected cane yield and CCS responses to harvest date were estimated using historical block productivity data for 1992–1998. These data are held for every farm paddock in a mill region.The DSSAT/CANEGRO model was calibrated using published yield parameters from a selection of five Brazilian sugarcane cultivars, while sugarcane yield data (tons of stems per hectare) from commercial land were used as benchmark data. Other modeling inputs were derived from the primary regional cultivar.Using the suggested method, farmers are likely to be advised to harvest their cane slightly either before or after the yield reaches its maximum level. Hence, data regarding declination rate of cane growth are needed to widen search space for mathematical programming.The zone-level yield estimated from plot-level model seems to overestimate than the realized productivity which could be due to some loss factors of crushable biomass in the process of maturity to harvest to transport and delivery at processing unit. The zonal-level reported yield from mill authorities could not be obtained except ...∙ Whole-plant harvesting of energy cane increased biomass yield by 32% or 16 Mg ha−1. ∙ Early harvesting of energy cane reduced biomass yield, sucrose content, and recovered sugar. ∙ Increasing N rate increased stalk and leaf yield but reduced the recovered sugar in energy cane. ∙ N, P, and K removal rates were 2 to 3 times ...Further adding to this discussion, Tanut et al. (2021) reported a new robust tool, viz. the wonder cane model, which correctly forecast total sugarcane harvest yield with an accuracy of 98.69% with fewer estimate errors. The wonder cane model determines the cane yield based on the principle of through data in classification form ...

Agronomic practices to apply existing mineral fertilisers, primarily containing N, P and K, at the right time, the right place, in the right amount, and of the right composition can improve the use efficiency of fertilisers.In order to increase production, more chemical fertilizers are applied to soil, but due to inappropriate application of mineral nutrients, soil degradation, including acidification, secondary salinization, nutrient imbalance, and an abnormal accumulation of nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), and potassium (K), is common in soils (Cai 2019 ), with sec...Metrics Abstract Nitrogen is the main limiting nutrient after carbon, hydrogen and oxygen for photosynthetic process, phyto-hormonal, proteomic changes and growth-development of plants to complete its lifecycle. Excessive and inefficient use of N fertilizer results in enhanced crop production costs and atmospheric pollution.Fertilizers have played an essential role in feeding a growing global population. It’s estimated that just under half of the people alive today are dependent on synthetic fertilizers. They can bring environmental benefits too: fertilizers can increase crop yields.The advantages of nitrogen fertilizers from the SRF and CRF groups derive from the following features: (i) they ensure a good supply of nitrogen to plants, especially in critical phases; (ii) they reduce the number of application rates; (iii) they reduce the nitrate content in plants; (iv) they limit nitrogen losses and reduce its ...Soil application of fertilizers to calcareous soils is often ineffective, because of their poor physicochemical properties that restrict the availability of nutritional elements to plants. Inefficient soil fertilization leads to nutritional deficiencies in plants, which decrease the yield.The use of combined fertilisation reduced the amount of mineral fertiliser applied between 33 and 67% and the total fertiliser units between 7 and 40%, while maintaining similar yields to the reference mineral fertilisation (180 NFUs). These results could be related to a higher nitrogen agronomic efficiency in the combined ...The results of this research indicate that the application of MSW compost to tomato plants can serve as a N source in Mediterranean conditions, especially when MSW compost is combined with mineral ...We examine numerous cases by varying the quantity of fertiliser applied to the soil and the fertiliser application times. The numerical experiments suggest that, under uniform rainfall rates, the ...Nutrient use efficiency of plants lies around 30–35%, 18–20%, and 35–40% for N, P, and K, respectively, with the conventional fertilizers. The use of biofertilizers in combination or in place of chemical fertilizers could not make much difference.

The EU depends on imports for 30%, 68% and 85% of its consumption of inorganic nitrogen, phosphates and potash nutrients respectively. Furthermore, at the peaks of gas prices during the summer in 2022, gas had come to account for up to 90% of the variable production cost of nitrogen fertilisers.While an increase in nitrogen use efficiency with less fertiliser input leads to an enhanced nitrogen balance (less nitrogen surplus), the replacement of mineral fertilisers by organic fertilisers, which can be less precisely applied and include other substances, may lead to higher nitrogen emissions from the fertiliser application ...The graph shows mineral fertiliser consumption, separately for nitrogen and phosphorus Estimated mineral fertiliser consumption by agriculture in the EU-27, 2008-2018 — European Environment AgencyNitrogen-based fertilisers accounted for the vast majority (77.4 %) of the nutrients consumed, with an estimated consumption of 59 kg per hectare across the EU, ranging from 19 kg per hectare in Portugal to 125 kg per hectare in the Netherlands.In 1965, the consumption of nitrogen fertilizers stood at some 46.3 million metric tons. By 2021, this amount had increased to 195.38 million tons. In that latter year, nitrogen fertilizers ...Mineral fertilizer products The most frequently used straight nitrogen fertilizers are ammonium nitrate, ammonium sulphate, urea and anhydrous ammonia. Seventy to 80 percent of the nitrogen is applied as ammonium nitrate.Harmonized System (HS) with a number of ramifications such as for organic fertilizers (3101) or mineral/chemical fertilizers including nitrogenous 3102, phosphatic 3103, or potassic 31045. In 2020, fertilisers were the world's 47th most traded product, with a total trade of $62.6 billion (bn).Nitrogen fertilisation rate 1. Introduction Despite intense efforts over the past two decades to increase nutrient efficiency and to reduce nutrient losses, eutrophication by nutrients from agricultural sources remains a major environmental concern.1.2.1 Nitrogenous Fertilizers. The nitrogenous fertilizer industry includes the production of synthetic ammonia, nitric acid, ammonium nitrate, and urea. Synthetic ammonia and nitric acid are used primarily as intermediates in the production of ammonium nitrate and urea fertilizers. The following is a list of primary specific products ...The upper topsoil (0–15 cm depth) had a pH of 6.1, a total carbon content of 4.5%, a total nitrogen content of 0.30%, Olsen extractable phosphate of 7 mg/L, and a base saturation of 63.0%. The ...

The current study focuses on nearly 16,000 georeferenced soil samples collected from apple orchards and vineyards located in the Venosta/Vinschgau and Adige/Etsch valleys during the years 2006–2013. Each soil sample was analysed to determine phytoavailable P 2 O 5 and K 2 O soil concentrations (mg/kg).Abstract. A study of the official vanadium phosphomolybdate spectrophotometric method, to determine water-soluble P 2 O 5 in fertilisers, has shown that incomplete recovery may occur if a substantial proportion of the P 2 O 5 is present as short-chain linear polyanions.Phosphate Specialty > Phosphate Specialty Applications > P2O5 Applications > Fertilizer Applications. ICL technical phosphates are used extensively in consumer and greenhouse specialty fertilizers. Phosphorus is an essential plant nutrient, required for the storage and transfer of energy.in weight percentage of N, P205, and K20 in the order N-P-K The grade is only the amount of nutrient found by prescribed analytical procedures, excluding any nutrient that is unavailable to plants. For example, a grade of "10-15-18" indicates a fertilizer containing 10 % N, 15 % P205, and 18 % K20.Federal College Of Agriculture. The percentage of P205 in single and triple superphosphate are 18 and 48 respectively and must be multiplied with 0.44 to get percent P for each fertiliser type...different fertilizers, with P205 percentages ranging between 10 to 46%, and two National Bureau of Standards (NBS) primary samples (KH2P04, 186-1-6 and Na2HP04, 186-At the first ratoon, resin-extractable P provided by mineral and organomineral fertilizers were, respectively, 15 and 11 mg kg −1 in the 0.0–0.2 m, and 28 and 31 mg kg −1 in 0.2–0.4 m layer.Dynamic relationships among phosphate rock, fertilisers and agricultural commodity markets: Evidence from a vector error correction model and Directed Acyclic Graphs - ScienceDirect.The amount of mineral fertilisers - nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) – used in agricultural production in the EU (hereafter termed ‘consumption’) was 10.9 million tonnes in 2021 (see Figure 1). This represented a decrease of 2.2 % compared with 2020 and a cumulative decline of 6.4 % from the relative peak in 2017.N -P -Kor N-.P205-K20? Wallace H. Fuller As long ago as 1920, the soil scien-tists of this country proposed that all fertilizer nutrients be reported on an elemental rather than an oxide basis. In 1955 the Soil Science Soci-ety of America passed a resolution to change fertilizer guarantees to the elemental basis. The resolution was not acted upon immediately. Since January 1962, however, all ...

fertilisant, le troisième chiffre révèle le pourcentage de K20 en poids dans le fertilisant. Pour convertir les quantités de K20 en K+, utilisez les équations suivantes : lb K+ = 0,8 x lb K20. lb K2O = 1,2 x lb K+. KCl — Chlorure de potassium (0-0-60) • Forme la plus courante de fertilisant potassique, soluble dans l’eauPotash refers to a variety of K-bearing minerals that are used for fertilizer including potassium chloride [KCl, or muriate of potash (MOP)], potassium sulfate [K2SO4, or sulfate of potash (SOP)], potassium-magnesium sulfate (K2SO4.Mg SO4, or sulfate of potash magnesia), potassium nitrate (KNO3, or saltpeter), and mixed sodium ...aGenerally, the higher the salt index/unit of nutrient, the higher the burn potential of the particular fertilizer material. The potassium content of a fertilizer can be calculated with the following formula: % K20 (as expressed on fertilizer bag) .083. = % K in the fertilizer bag.The studies show that there was no reliable reduction in metabolisable energy when agricultural crops were also fertilised annually with lower fertiliser rates of 108 kg ha −1 of nitrogen, 96 kg ha −1 of phosphorus (P 2 O 5 ), and 96 kg ha −1 of potassium (K 2 O).Potassium (K) inputs as a group is the total quantity of K, originating outside a given volume of soil, that moves into that volume (Fig. 2.1). Inputs include K in atmospheric deposition; irrigation water; K transported to the soil volume via runoff and erosion from other areas; K in seeds, cuttings, transplants, or residues; organic ...Our laboratory experiments simulating the addition of fertilisers have shown that the increase in K activity is disproportional to the added amount and constitutes only 2-20% of the respective increase in NO 3 activity ( Table 53 ).Home. Crop production. Nutrient management. Phosphorus and Potassium. Potassium for crop production. Potassium (K) is an essential nutrient for plant growth. It’s classified as a macronutrient because plants take up large quantities of K during their life cycle.This study evaluated the forms of potassium (K+) and quantity-intensity relationships in soils contaminated by tailings around the abundant mica mines. A total of 63 rice rhizosphere soil samples ...Nitrogen fertiliser consumption in agriculture in 2021 was an estimated 9.8 million tonnes in the EU, a year-on-year decrease of 2.0 % that was in line with the short-term trend noted since 2017. However, over the medium-term, the average for “2020” remained slightly higher than that of “2012”.In 2018, the European agricultural sector consumed 10.2 million tonnes of mineral nitrogen (N) fertiliser and 1.1 million tonnes of mineral phosphorus (P) fertiliser . Reducing these numbers by using technologies that valorise biowaste into bio-based fertiliser (BBF) products can stimulate circularity [ 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ].

Lime is widely applied as a soil amendment to reduce the grain cadmium (Cd) content in rice production. However, the. effectiveness of liming on grain Cd reduction is inconsistent and often cannot meet the safety requirements established. for rice production. 1) study the effects of lime application on Cd reduction in rice grains among the ...Surface liming effectively increased water-stable aggregates > 2.0 mm at a depth of up to 0.2 m; however, the association with phosphogypsum was considered a good strategy to improve the macroaggregate stability in subsoil layers (0.20 to 0.40 m). Consequently, both soil amendments applied together increased the mean weight diameter ...Liming rate : The average grain Cd reduction rates under lime dosages of >4500 kg/ha, 1500 to 4500 kg/ha, and <1500 kg/ha were −63%, −40%, and −37%, respectively. This suggests that liming at levels >4500 kg/ha would significantly elevate the grain Cd reduction rate compared to smaller dosages. Lime dosages between 1500 andThis paper describes the most popular natural soil amendments used in agriculture which are here divided into two groups: organic amendments (livestock manures, compost, plant residues, slaughterhouse wastes, sewage sludge, biochar) and mineral amendments (volcanic rocks, gypsum, clay minerals, lime, eggshells).The amount of lime applied was multiplied by the emission factor of lime application (i.e., 0.12 CO2-C t lime−1 for CaCO3 (IPCC, 2006, IPCC, 2019), as this type of lime was the most common type used in the experiments and in Western Kenya).Liming combined with an optimum quantity of inorganic fertilizer, as a soil amendment in intensive agriculture, is a viable agricultural practice in terms of improving soil nutrient status and productivity, as well as mitigating soil degradation. The chief benefits of this strategy are fundamentally dependent on soil microbial function.The most commonly applied amendments include liming materials, phosphates, minerals, and industrial by-products. Here for simplicity we have initially classified immobilizing agents into either organic or inorganic types and briefly discussed their appropriateness for in situ soil remediation below ( Fig 3 ).Whether applied to tropical soil, lime has been proven to have beneficial effects on the quantity and community composition of virtually all kinds of soil organisms . Liming application can change the microbial function on the acidic soil by increasing the soil pH.PDF | Liming is widely used to decrease soil acidity, and the application of lime alone or in combination with other amendments, such as gypsum, is a... | Find, read and cite all the research you ...Liming occurred by application of sedimentary dolomitic lime [CaMg(CO 3) 2] 2, with 233 g kg –1 CaO and 175 g kg MgO. The PG contained 280 g kg –1 CaO, 150 g kg –1 S, <1 g kg –1 P, and <1 g kg –1 fluorine (F). The soil amendments were applied in 2002, 2004, 2010, and 2016 based on the results of annual sampling. The ...

Pure water has a pH value of 7.00 at 25 ºC; however, samples are especially prone to CO 2 absorption from the atmosphere, which alters the pH from the expected value of 7.00 toward 5.20 due to carbonic acid formation. To minimize this effect, METTLER TOLEDO recommends pH readings in a flow-through cell.It is relatively easy to test the pH level of water and here we will discuss in detail three ways to achieve an accurate pH water test: Using a pH meter; Using pH papers; Using litmus...- the theory and practice of laboratory pH applications 1 pH Booklet Master 25/5/99 10:57 pm Page 1 . This guide to pH measurement has been produced to accompany the latest development in laboratory pH technology. As well as an insight into the theoretical aspects of pH measurement, sections covering applications and electrode troubleshooting have been included to make this a comprehensive ...The pH value is one of the most important and most frequently measured quantities in analytical chemistry. A pH measuring instrument is always needed when the pH reading must be determined accurately. An appropriate pH meter is available in virtually every laboratory.Part A: Using Indicators to Measure pH. In this part of the experiment you will use five indicators to determine the pH of four solutions to within one pH unit. An acid-base indicator is a chemical species that changes color at a specific pH as the pH (acidity) of the solution is varied.The pH of surface water is a common field measurement. This measurement can be made using a Thermo ScientificTM OrionTM ROSSTM UltraTM TriodeTM which will measure both the temperature and pH of the sample with a single probe. The probe provides quick, reproducible results in both fresh and salt water samples.The pH of water is defined as the negative logarithm of the hydrogen ion activity, which is often assimilated to the hydrogen ion concentration (Eq. [1], Table 1). While the pH of pure water is approximated to be 7.0 at 25 °C, the theoretical value is 6.998. Indeed, the dissociation of water and the ionic product for water (Eqs.The reaction of ammonia with water. The whole scale of pH values in aqueous solutions includes both the acidic and alkaline ranges. The values can vary from 0 to 14, where pH values from 0 to 7 are called acidic and pH values from 7 to 14 are termed alkaline. The pH value of 7 is neutral. We measure pH for a lot of different reasons, such as:In general there are three major categories of pH meters. Benchtop pH meters are often used in laboratories and are used to measure samples which are brought to the pH meter for analysis. Portable, or field pH meters, are handheld pH meters that are used to take the pH of a sample in a field or production site. [19]

The numerical difference in the values of pH measured in 1 M KCl and H 2 O (pH KCl – pH H 2O) is referred to as the delta pH. When this difference is negative, the colloid has a net negative charge (cation exchange capacity), and when positive, it has a net positive charge (anion exchange capacity).In this paper, the pH of CO 2-saturated aqueous KCl solutions was measured over wide ranges of temperature and pressure and at salt molalities of 2 mol·kg −1 and 4 mol·kg −1. The range of conditions investigated covers those relevant to CO 2 storage in deep saline aquifers.pH (KCl) The pH-value in a suspension of sample material and a diluted potassium solution corresponds to the potential acidity. The hydrogen-cations adsorbed to the sample constituents are replaced by potassium cations and are therefore measurable in the suspension. The resulting pH is about 0.3-1.0 units lower compared to the pH in a ...KCl is useful as a beta radiation source for calibration of radiation monitoring equipment, because natural potassium contains 0.0118% of the isotope 40 K. One kilogram of KCl yields 16350 becquerels of radiation , consisting of 89.28% beta and 10.72% gamma , with 1.46083 MeV.A summary of the data used in this study is shown in Table 1 and the frequency distribution plots are shown in Fig. 1. pH values were highest in water, followed by CaCl 2 and lastly in KCl. In general, pH values measured in water and in KCl increased with increase in solution volume, this as a result of the dilution effect. Thomas ...In this study, pH was measured in different electrolytes [distilled water (pH(w)), 0.01 M CaCl2 (pH(ca)), 1 M KCl (pH(k)), and 0.01 M BaCl2 (pHba)] with different soil : solution ratios (i.e. 1 : ...Then, fill up with 3 M KCl. Differences in the concentration of the electrolyte solution lead to differences in the measured potential and therefore influence the measured ph value. What do I do if an electrode is dried out? Dissolve possible KCl crystals in water, fill in new electrolyte solution and hydrate for 24 hours in 3 M KCl. After this ...The pH value is defined, by the Sorenson Equation, as the negative logarithm of the H+ concentration in a given solution (see table 1). In other words, at a high concentration, e.g. 1 mol/L = 10 0 , pH = 0 (ACIDIC)The pH values measured in salt solutions were significantly lower than that of distilled water; average pH CaCl 2 and pH KCl were 0.61 and 0.78 pH units lower than pH H 2 O, respectively.of the soil buffering effect. Acidity known as “extractable” is measured at pH 8.2 with a BaCl 2–triethanolamine reagent, and its measurement can be combined with that of charges that depend on the pH. 23.1.2 Aims of the Analysis For soil taxonomy, the 1 mol (KCl) L−1 extract is considered to include only exchangeable forms Al3+, AlOH2 ...

Nitrogen Determination in Soil. The Dumas method starts with a combustion furnace (CF) to burn the sample, obtaining elemental compounds. Water is removed by a first physical trap (WT1 - DriStepTM), placed after the combustion, and a second chemical one (WT2).Nitrogen balance is measured by deducting N outputs and changes in soil total N storage from N inputs [1], [2] as follows: Nitrogen balance = N inputs − N outputs − changes in soil total N (1)This technique uses an Elementar vario MAX cube to determine the total N in the soil. It is based on the method originally described by Dumas and later modified by Sweeny (1989). It operates on the principle of quantification of N2 and CO2 after the total combustion of a 250-350 mg* sample at 900°C in an oxygen and helium rich atmosphere.The UMS framework can be used to estimate the total nitrogen in soil. However, depending on the types of soil and crops, the model needs to be re-calibrated. More specifically, the actual TN of ...The analysis of total nitrogen in an organic matrix can be carried out using the Dumas method (1831). This involves a total combustion of the matrix under oxygen. The gases produced are reduced by copper and then dried, while the CO2 is trapped. The nitrogen is then quantified using a universal detector.ISO 13878 Soil quality - Determination of total nitrogen content by dry combustion („elemental analysis“) EN 13654-2 Soil improvers and growing media - Determination of nitrogen – part 2: Dumas method 2 Scope and working area This standard descibes the determination of total nitrogen (organic and inorganic)In analytical chemistry, the Dumas method is a method of elemental analysis for the quantitative determination of nitrogen in chemical substances based on a method first described by Jean-Baptiste Dumas in 1826.The Dumas method is an elemental analysis for nitrogen determination and it is globally recognised and validated by international organisations such as AOAC, AACC, ISO, DIN, ASBC, AOCS or OIV. In addition to the organic nitrogen content, the combustion method can also be used to analyse the total nitrogen content including inorganic components.Abstract. Dry combustion based on the Dumas (1831) method has become increasingly popular for total nitrogen (N) and isotope‐ratio analyses. However, the lack of sample homogeneity with soil and plant samples is often the limiting factor for the accuracy and precision of this method.Soil improvers and growing media - Determination of nitrogen - Part 2 : Dumas method Le présent document décrit une méthode de détermination de l'azote présent dans les amendements du sol et les supports de culture. Elle est applicable à toutes les formes d'azote. La méthode ne s'applique pas aux amendements calciques ni aux matériaux ...

Compared to bare soil management, cover crops increased SOC by 12% and increased seven SOC fractions, including microbial biomass carbon (MBC) by 33%, dissolved organic carbon (DOC) by 18%, particulate organic carbon (POC) by 15%, light-fraction organic carbon (LFOC) by 14%, permanganate oxidizable carbon (POXC) by 13%, short-term ...Soil Organic Carbon. Soil organic carbon (SOC) is one of the most important characteristics of soils that result from the interplay of net primary producers, decomposers, and mineralogy. From: Developments in Soil Science, 2018. Related terms: Carbon Sink; Biochar; Soil Organic Matter; Cropping System; Soil Carbon; Conservation Agriculture ...Box plots of soil organic carbon (SOC)/clay ratio for each major soil group. Horizontal lines are SOC/clay thresholds: Solid = 1/8, dashed = 1/10, dot-dash = 1/13. Abbreviated major soil groups: Terr. Raw, terrestrial raw; Lith., lithomorphic; SW gley, surface-water gley; GW gley, ground-water gleyLand management strategies for enhancing soil carbon sequestration need to be tailored to different soil types, depending on how much organic matter is stored in pools of mineral-associated...For 2019, EU Member States reported a loss of carbon from 17.8Mha of land with organic soil (4.2% of the total land area), corresponding to emissions of 108Mt CO 2, while 387.6Mha of mineral soil secured net removals of 44Mt CO 2.Soil organic carbon (SOC) is an integral component of terrestrial ecosystems and plays an important role in ecosystem resilience and productivity. Soil organic matter contains nutrients...Soil organic C has been widely discussed in terms of C sequestration, but its benefits on soil processes and properties have received less attention in recent years. Thus, this article discusses (1) the value of SOC to soil properties and (2) potential for increasing SOC through management.Increasing soil organic carbon can, under optimum management only, enhance global production of maize, wheat and rice by up to 0.7% with important regional differences, according to 13,662 field ...Soil organic carbon (SOC) concentration is the fundamental indicator of soil health, underpinning food production and climate change mitigation. SOC storage is highly sensitive to several...

SUMMARY Why the Olsen method should he used to estimate « available soil pho.sporus » After "PO, labelling of the isotopically exchangeable phosphate ions of soils, « available soil phosphorus » was extracted by different chemical reagents used for soil routine analysis, i.e. sodium bicarbonate for the OLSENSummary. This method estimates the relative bioavailability of inorganic ortho-phosphate (PO4-P) in soils with neutral to alkaline pH. It is not appropriate for soils which are mild to strongly acidic (pH <6.5). The method is based on the extraction of phosphate from the soil by 0.5 N sodium bicarbonate solution adjusted to pH 8.5.La méthode permettant d’extraire de la terre du phosphore dont la composition isotopique est la plus voisine de celle des ions de la solution est jugée la plus intéressante. Sur la base de ce critère, la méthode OLSEN est apparue la meilleure en sol calcaire et en sol acide sans toutefois être dans ce dernier cas vraiment satisfaisante ...Introduced by Olsen et al. (1954) ("Estimation of available plant phosphorus in soils by extraction with sodium bicarbonate"). (USDA Circ. 939). Use of NaHCO3 0.5 M (pH 8.5) to extract the P that plants could extract from calcareous, alkaline and neutral soils.Multiple regression for explaining the effect of soil clay content, pH and rainfall in croplands on Olsen P threshold values (Y = 51.5 – 0.011 Clay – 4.3 pH – 0.008 Rainfall).Soil characterization and sequential P fractionation. Olsen-P was determined by the phosphomolybdate method after extraction using 0.5 mol L −1 NaHCO 3, pH 8.5 (180 RPM, 25 °C) at 1:20 soil (W ...Soil degradation and water pollution could have resulted from inappropriate phosphorus (P) supply. Soil Olsen P is generally a good indicator to estimate bio-availability of P and environmental risk in alkaline soil. The change in Olsen P is always strongly affected by soil organic carbon (SOC) when different forms of inorganic and ...Summary. Methods for determining soil phosphorus (P), its various forms and availability to plants, have been essential in developing principles and knowledge of the nature and behavior of P in soils. The selection of a suitable method demands a clear statement of objectives that require the soil P measurement.The correlation of Mehlich 3 P and Olsen P methods, excluding soils with pH less than 5 and soils with calcium carbonate levels from 10.3 to 48.3%, resulted in a linear slope of 0.24 and r 2 of 0.82, and thus for this range of soils the Mehlich 3 test provided a more reliable measurement of P compared to the Olsen method. This study confirms ...tractor type and pH value, and their reliability depends on the soil type (Reijneveld et al., 2010). The Olsen method (Olsen et al., 1954) is used for soils with mildly acid, neutral or alkaline pH, and it has wide international acceptance as an indicator of soil P fertility (Bierman & Rosen, 1994; Ma et al., 2009; Pagliari et al., 2010 ...

CEC affects many aspects of soil chemistry, and is used as a measure of soil fertility, as it indicates the capacity of the soil to retain several nutrients (e.g. K +, NH 4 +, Ca 2+) in plant-available form. It also indicates the capacity to retain pollutant cations (e.g. Pb 2+).Soil cation exchange capacity (CEC) is often used as an important indicator of soil fertility and buffer capacity. Biochar can provide stronger adsorption capacity and greater porosity, increase the soil’s adsorption capacity for mineral elements and the value of CEC ( Liang et al., 2006 ).Cation exchange capacity ( CEC) is a measure of the soil’s ability to hold positively charged ions. It is a very important soil property influencing soil structure stability, nutrient availability, soil pH and the soil’s reaction to fertilisers and other ameliorants (Hazleton and Murphy 2007).Cation Exchange Capacity (clay) - Subsoil. Cation-exchange capacity (CEC) is the maximum quantity of total cations that a soil is capable of holding, at a given pH value, available for exchange with the soil solution. CEC is used as a measure of fertility, nutrient retention capacity, and the capacity to protect groundwater from cation ...This is the first report of a comparison of CEC values obtained by the buffered CEC (NH 4 OAC), BaCl 2 (single extraction), compulsive exchange, AgTU, and Cohex methods for a single soil sample set. We found that AgTU, compulsive exchange, and Cohex methods yielded similar eCEC values.The lowest mean CEC values were found in Spain and the highest mean values were found in the agricultural soils of Iran (38.89 cmol/kg) and Iraq (36.7 cmol/kg), followed by CEC values in forest lands (37.55 cmol/kg) in Iran (Table 1).Cation exchange capacity (CEC) characterizes soils by their ability to store and release nutrients. Cationic nutrients (Ca, Mg, K, Na, Fe, and NH 4 ) and non-nutrients (Al and H) are held on soil colloids and transported to the soil solution in an ion exchange reaction (Weil & Brady, 2016 ).CEC of a soil is dependent on the amount and type of soil colloids, clay minerals, and soil organic matter. It also reflects the total negative charge exchange sites on soil colloids ( Follett, 2001 ) and increases correspondingly with pH, % clay, and % organic matter content.Relationship between effective cation exchange capacity (CEC eff.) and soil organic carbon (SOC) content in (A) topsoils (0–30 cm depth) with soil pH < 5.5, (B) topsoils with soil pH > 5.5, (C) subsoils (30–120 cm depth) with soil pH < 5.5 and (D) subsoils with soil pH > 5.5.CEC. What is cation exchange capacity? Cation exchange capacity (CEC) indicates the ability of a soil to hold onto and exchange cations (positively charged ions) including plant nutrients such as Ca2+, Mg2+, K+ and NH 4 +. The CEC is largely depend on clay content, organic matter and soil pH. CEC is a very important soil property

Exchangeable Calcium. 4,16 Exchangeable Ca—present in the soil in large quantities—is in equilibrium with soil solution Ca, and reported concentrations of Ca in the soil solutions are up to about 20 mM. From: Plant Macronutrient Use Efficiency, 2017. Related terms: Biochar; Maize; Liming; Tissues; Soil Solution; Subsoil; Cation Exchange ...Trees (2021) The plant-available pools of calcium, magnesium and potassium are assumed to be stored in the soil as exchangeable cations adsorbed on the cation exchange complex. In numerous forest ...This paper describes a new method for the determination of correct exchangeable Ca 2+ values of calcareous clays and soils. For the method, a silver–thiourea exchange solution is saturated with Ca 2+ by treatment with fine-grained calcite prior to the start of the exchange procedure.The main ions associated with CEC in soils are the exchangeable cations calcium (Ca 2+), magnesium (Mg 2+), sodium (Na +) and potassium (K +) (Rayment and Higginson 1992), and are generally referred to as the base cations.Summary statistics of measured soil (a) exchangeable calcium (Exch. Ca - cmol(+)/kg) and (b) exchangeable magnesium (Exch. Mg - cmol(+)/kg) for calibration and validation and at various sample size (n).Analytical methods assessment for exchangeable cations analysis in soil: MIP OES appraisement. Soil monitoring and research often requires a comparison of laboratory data generated by diverse instruments and in different laboratories to demonstrate the reliability and accuracy of the results.Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is one of the fundamental properties of soil that indicates soil’s ability to retain exchangeable cations. Several regression-based models exist to estimate CEC from widely available or easily measured basic soil properties. However, the majority of these models do not include CaCOThe aims of this study were to investigate the links between potassium (K) uptake by crops and soil K, exchangeable calcium (Ca2+), magnesium (Mg2+), and aluminum (Al3+) when using lime in acidic soil in southern China. Soil samples of three treatments (chemical NP fertilizers, NPK, and NPK plus straw (NPKS)) were collected from a 26 ...gives satisfactory results with soils containing no calcium carbonate. In the Gedroiz method it is assumed that in carbonate-free soils, 0-05 N HC1 does not attack unweathered mineral particles present in the soil, and that only exchangeable calcium is brought into solution, so that the same figure for exchangeable calcium should be obtained by theAlternatively, the amount of exchangeable nutrients can be estimated from agronomic soil tests (Astera, 2015; Sumner & Miller, 1996). If CEC is included in a routine soil test, farmers and advisors can use it to assess soil texture (Weil & Brady, 2016 ), plan gypsum applications (NRCS, 2015 ), and evaluate nutrient availability (Chaganti & Culman, 2018 ).

As a rule of thumb, for most crops in Cerrado soils the ratio between the levels of exchangeable Ca 2+ and exchangeable Mg 2+ (in cmol c /dm 3) in the soil should stay in the range of 1:1 till a maximum of 10:1, observing a minimum of 0.5 cmol c Mg 2+ dm −3 ( Sousa and Lobato, 2004a ).Magnesium (Mg), calcium (Ca) and potassium (K) are three major and essential nutrients for plants 1. In forest ecosystems, their plant-available pools are assumed to be stored in the soil as...Mg Mg = 0.16‰) are all isotopically lighter than the basalt. These compositions can be explained by a combination of mixing and isotope fractionation processes on the soil exchange complex.Due to high variation in Mg content of the source material the total content of Mg in soils varies considerably between 0.05 and 0.5 % (Grimme 1991; Maguire and Cowan 2002 ). Differences in silicate contents of soils also explain higher Mg contents typically found in clay and silty soils compared to sandy soils.A ratio of magnesium-to-calcium > 1 in irrigation waters and an exchangeable magnesium percentage > 25% in soils are considered high enough to result in soil degradation and impact crop yields negatively.Soil pH directly affects magnesium release from clay minerals and Mg uptake by plants (Schubert et al., 1990). Exchangeable Mg at pH <6.0 becomes non-exchangeable when soil pH becomes higher than 6.5 (Chan et al., 1979; Hailes et al., 1997).Extract. (1) Exchangeable magnesium and potassium can be determined in carbonate-free soils by the use of 0.5 N acetic acid as a leaching agent. (2) A method is described for the determination of the total exchangeable bases present as acetates in the leachings.Unravelling the Release Kinetics of Exchangeable Magnesium in Acid Soil of Nilgiris by Munmun Dash 1,†, Subramanium Thiyageshwari 1,†, Duraisamy Selvi 1, Rangasamy Anandham 2, Karuppusamy Rajan 3, Djanaguiraman Maduraimuthu 4, Santosh Kumar Singh 5,*, Jagadesh Muthumani 1, Shivvendra Singh 6 and Biswajit Pramanick 7,* 1Plot of measured versus predicted exchangeable magnesium (Exch. Mg - cmol(+)/kg) using (a) both gamma-ray (γ-ray) spectrometry (i.e., TC) and apparent electrical conductivity (EC a) data (i.e., 1mPcon and 2mPcon) in combination, and (b) using only one source of ancillary data.Then, the cation exchange capacity (CEC), total exchangeable bases (TEB), and different individual cations, such as exchangeable potassium (K +), sodium (Na +), calcium (Ca 2+), and magnesium (Mg 2+), in soil aggregates were detected. Our results suggested that the mean weight diameter (MWD), that is an indicator evaluating the stability of soil aggregates, in the 17-yr. tea plantations ...

In soils under agriculture, grassland, and prairie, higher soil pH and base saturation was also accompanied by higher levels of exchangeable potassium. Soil pH was lowest in sandy soils under forest (pH 4.1–5.0), and in Alfisols of the cold zone (pH 5.4), Inceptisols and Spodosols of the temperate zone (pH 4.0–5.1), and Entisols in the ...When evaluated on individual Soil Taxonomy Orders, bias values range from −0.04 to 0.02 cmol(+).kg −1 for less represented soil orders such as Gelisols or Histosols. As for the PLSR, the average bias values predictions evaluated on all data is −0.0002 cmol(+).kg −1 .Exchangeable K is electrostatically bound as an outer-sphere complex to the surfaces of clay minerals and humic substances. Both fractions are often considered to be easily available for crops...More so, Buol (1987) explained that clay loam and loam soil with 24-38% clay could retain exchangeable K at higher concentrations than sandy soils with 2% clay; thus the high numerical mean...The critical value of soil exchangeable potassium (K) (mg K kg−1) is a valuable tool for an efficient K fertilization management in potato production systems. The aim of the present study was to determine the critical value of soil exchangeable K for potato crops grown in different environments and differing availabilities of ...Summary. Methods of determining exchangeable K + of soil by mixing extracting solutions and analysing the soil suspension with ion-selective electrodes were developed and evaluated on 30 samples of soils. From preliminary comparisons of the K + extracted by BaCl 2 and NH 4 OAc solutions and by batch and leaching treatments of soils ...8.3.2 Surface-Adsorbed (Exchangeable) Potassium. Electrostatically adsorbed K ions may be released from mineral surfaces or organic components of a soil in response to low K concentrations in the soil solution. The degree to which this happens depends on the concentrations of K and other ions in the soil solution as well as the ...Potassium Evaluation in Soils Abdul Wakeel & Muhammad Ishfaq Chapter First Online: 01 December 2021 239 Accesses Abstract Potassium evaluation in soils resembles to other mineral nutrients and principally any approach can be followed depending on time and available resources.Both soil exchangeable-K and slowly-exchangeable K vertical distribution patterns (0–100 cm) displayed substantial depletion relative to pristine conditions, mainly concentrated at subsoil...Straw return at 6000 kg h m−2 per season with fertilization improved the soil potassium supply and K balance. Long-term K surplus (4 or 5 years), compared with NPK, the NPKS significantly ...

Exchangeable sodium percentage is worldwide considered to be probably the most important soil factor affecting dispersion in soils and, consequently, soil crusting. It has also in several South African studies been found to be one of the most dominant factors in soil crusting.The best indicator of soil sodicity is the exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP). The ESP is usually defined as the ratio of exchangeable sodium (Exch Na) to the cation exchange capacity of the soil (CEC), both expressed in (cmolc kg −1) ( Richards, 1954 ). ESP = ExchNa CEC ∗ 100.Soil exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP) and sodium adsorption ratio (SAR) are commonly used to assess soil sodicity. Correlation between ESP and SAR of saturated pasted extract (SAR e) or of 1:5 (m:m) mixture soil to water (SAR 1:5) has been documented to predict ESP from SAR.Left: Exchangeable sodium percentages (ESP) of soils in FW vs TWW: all soils (top), tree vs vegetable cultivated soils (middle), major soil textures (bottom), Middle: Sodium adsorption ratio (SAR ...The best indicator of soil sodicity is the exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP). The ESP is usually defined as the ratio of exchangeable sodium (Exch Na) to the cation exchange capacity of the soil (CEC), both expressed in (cmol c kg −1) (Richards, 1954). ESP = ExchNa CEC ∗ 100.Monitoring exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP) variability in soils is both time-consuming and costly. However, in order to estimate the amounts of amendments and land management, it is necessary to know ESP variation and values in sodic or saline and sodic soils.Monitoring exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP) variability in soils is both time-consuming and costly. However, in order to estimate the amounts of amendments and land management, it is necessary to know ESP variation and values in sodic or saline and sodic soils. Thus, introducing a method, which utilizes easily obtained indices to estimate ...Exchangeable Sodium Percentage (ESP) is used in the classification of saline and alkali soils or to determine if a sodium hazard exists. This method requires the determination of Cation Exchange Capacity (CEC) and exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP).Soil sodicity is best evaluated by the exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP); however, the determination of this index is laborious and time consuming. Alternatively, the sodium adsorption...In this study, the reclamation of a calcareous sodic soil with the exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP) value of 26.6% was investigated using the cheap and readily available chemical and organic materials including natural bentonite and zeolite saturated with calcium (Ca2+), waste calcite, three metal oxide nanoparticles functionalized with an a...

The Dumas method is an elemental analysis for nitrogen determination and it is globally recognised and validated by international organisations such as AOAC, AACC, ISO, DIN, ASBC, AOCS or OIV. In addition to the organic nitrogen content, the combustion method can also be used to analyse the total nitrogen content including inorganic components.More than 200 leaf samples were analysed and the results indicated that a nitrogen content between 1 and 3% can be accurately deter- mined in less than a minute. Regression analysis...Bellomonte G., Costantini A., Giammarioli S., Comparison of modified automatic Dumas method and the traditional Kjeldahl method for nitrogen determination in infant food. J. Assoc.In analytical chemistry, the Dumas method is a method of elemental analysis for the quantitative determination of nitrogen in chemical substances based on a method first described by Jean-Baptiste Dumas in 1826.gia (Wesley et a14) have shown that the nitrogen contents of maize leaf samples may be determined to within 0,2 units of the nitrogen contents determined by the Kjeldahl procedure.The data obtained demonstrates that there is no matrix effect in the determination of nitrogen, indicating complete combustion for all types of samples. For most samples, the protein factor used to calculate the protein content was 6.25 while for milk derivates samples the protein factor was 6.38.In this experiment we will use a modified version of his technique to determine the molecular mass of an unknown volatile liquid. The density of a gas is given by the ideal-gas equation as, Dgas = m V = PM RT (11B.1) (11B.1) D g a s = m V = P M R T. where M M is the molecular mass of the gas.The protein content of foods can be determined by numerous methods. The Kjeldahl method and the nitrogen combustion (Dumas) method for protein analysis are based on nitrogen determination. Both methods are official for the purposes of nutrition labeling of foods.ISO 16634-2:2016 (en) Food products — Determination of the total nitrogen content by combustion according to the Dumas principle and calculation of the crude protein content — Part 2: Cereals, pulses and milled cereal products. Table of contents.The Dumas method used was the Nitrogen Analyzer II, Coleman Model 29A. The two methods were compared by ten participating laboratories on seven feed materials and one organic standard compound. Results for the Dumas procedure were in good agreement with the AOAC Kjeldahl method, and a high order of precision was achieved. It is ...

Abstract. This study aimed to evaluate the potential of portable X-ray fluorescence (pXRF) equipment to quantify P in sugar cane leaves in vivo. Therefore, sugar cane seedlings were grown in soil fertilized with increasing doses of P, and the leaf P content was measured by pXRF and by induced coupled plasma optical emission ...Table 2 N, P and K leaf concentrations and biometric data as a function of mineral and organomineral fertilizer rates in plant cane and first ratoon, Boracéia, SP, 2017 and 2018. Full size tableStatistical analyses showed correlations between leaf biochemical constituents, phosphorus fertilization and the mass of the leaf/roots of the plants. Conclusions Obtained results demonstrate that hyperspectral imaging combined with artificial intelligence methods has potential for non-invasive detection of non-homogenous phosphorus ...Considering the high availability of P in the soil, which in the layer 0-20 cm had 103 mg dm -3 of phosphorus extracted with Mehlich 1, the plants, particularly during the plant-cane cycle,...The in-field burning of sugarcane leaf residues presents a major environmental and health burden in Thailand. In this study, sugarcane leaves were converted into a biochar-based slow release phosphorus (P) fertilizer via at 600 °C, and the influence of pre- and post-pyrolysis treatment on the P loading and release was investigated.Dry matter, colonization index and leaf nutrient content. The total dry matter of sugarcane was substantially affected by the phosphate sources (Fig. 1). As expected, the increase in soluble ...Phosphorus Content in Soil and Cane Leaf. The overall average available soil P concentrations were 8.11 and 3.70 mg dm −3 in the layers of 0–0.25 and 0.25–0.50 m, respectively which were obviously higher than that of P content obtained in pre-experiment analysis .Correlations established between soil and leaf analysis and crop responses to N, P and K fertilizers, and their effects on cane quality, are reviewed. While fertilizer recommendations based on soil and leaf analysis have provided a useful guide for determining the nutrient requirements of cane, they are continually being modified in the light ...Phosphorus is potentially more subtle to chemically analyse than N, as it is commonly held in about an order of magnitude lower concentration in plants compared to leaf N. P is an important constituent of nucleic acids, membranes and phosphorylated compounds.Variation in the concentration of leaf total P and P fractions. Mean [P total] significantly varied among the species, from 0.26 to 0.74 mg g −1 dry mass (Fig. 1, P < 0.01), with the lowest value in the sclerophyllous shrub Hakea sericea and the highest in a pioneer, Pittosporum undulatum.

The removal of nutrients in clusters is critical for estimating N and K fertilizer rates. Clusters removed 19.9 kg N ha −1 and 28.7 kg K ha −1. In the case of N, it is also important to assess the system's ability to recycle the nutrient contained in the leaves and canes which amounted to 49.4 kg N ha −1.The amount of potassium contained in nodes and dry leaves of sugarcane ranges around 70 kg per ha and may reach 140 kg per ha in plant cane . Tables 6–8 present the recommendations of potassium fertilization for plant cane and regrowth, with Mehlich or ion exchange resin as extractors.Potassium (K) is the most abundant cation accumulating in the cell sap of sugarcane plant. A healthy sugarcane crop indeed contains generally more than 200 kg K ha–1 in its aerial parts. Though in the absence of an adequate K supply, leaf area, tiller density and number of green leaves per mother shoot may notPotassium concentration in the leaf (A), tip (B) and culm (C) of sugarcane (caneplant), RB92579 variety, according to the days after planting Source publication +2 NITROGEN, PHOSPHORUS AND...Sugarcane ( Saccharum officinarum) is grown in more than ninety countries in the world and occupies about 26.26 m ha area with production of 1907.0 m tones at 72.59 t/ha productivity (FAO 2018 ). India ranks second after Brazil in area (5.11 m ha) and total sugarcane production (400.16 m tones) at 78.3 t ha −1 productivity level (DAC 2019 ).Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the agronomic performance of PYH in both cane plant and ratoon as a multi-nutrient source for sugarcane on a low-K Entisol contrasting with a single K fertilizer source (potassium chloride) combined with Ca, Mg and S sources (phosphogypsum and kieserite).Abstract. Potassium (K) is one of three main crop nutrients, and the high rate of potash fertilizer utilization (second only to nitrogen) leads to high prices. Therefore, efficient application, as well as rapid and time monitoring of K in crops is essential. Several turnover box and field experiments were conducted across multiple ...Potassium has diverse role in plant growth and development. • Potassium is responsible for activation of several vital plant enzymes. • Potassium regulate water balance in plants and protect plants from abiotic stress-induced damages. • Potassium plays a vital role in mitigating oxidative stress in plants.Potassium treatments (0, 100, 200 and 300 kg K ha −1, as KCl) resulted in significant (P < .001) increases in leaf K concentrations, along with relatively consistent increases in sugarcane and sucrose yields with increasing leaf K. Increased leaf K concentrations led to decreases in leaf calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg).The chapter explores the role of major nutrients such as nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium, and minor nutrients such as copper, zinc, manganese, in the physiology of sugarcane and the consequences of nutrient excess for physiology, crop quality, and the environment.

Potassium treatments (0, 100, 200 and 300 kg K ha −1, as KCl) resulted in significant (P < .001) increases in leaf K concentrations, along with relatively consistent increases in sugarcane and sucrose yields with increasing leaf K. Increased leaf K concentrations led to decreases in leaf calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg).Calcium (Ca) is a unique macronutrient with diverse but fundamental physiological roles in plant structure and signalling. In the majority of crops the largest proportion of long-distance calcium ion (Ca 2+) transport through plant tissues has been demonstrated to follow apoplastic pathways, although this paradigm is being ...The leaf concentrations of calcium (Ca 2+) and magnesium (Mg 2+) decreased linearly with increasing K rate. By contrast, the leaf concentrations of the micronutrients; boron (B) and iron (Fe 2+ ) decreased with increasing K rate.Percentages of nitrogen, P2O5, K2O, calcium, magnesium and sulphur in sugar-cane leaf and stem were estimated at maturity according to standard methods of analysis and expressed as percentages of ...In this research, the analysis of calcium and iron contents in a leaf sample was performed using the ICP-OES (Analytic Jena Co., Germany). The total concentrations of Fe and Ca in plant shoots ...Calcium (Ca) is an essential nutrient for plants and animals, with key structural and signalling roles, and its deficiency in plants can result in poor biotic and abiotic stress tolerance, reduced crop quality and yield. Likewise, low Ca intake in humans has been linked to various diseases (e.g. rickets, osteoporosis, hypertension ...On high pH calcareous soils found in Barbados, Fe deficiency is found adjacent to healthy maturing cane plants. Damage to the root system due to insects or adverse soil conditions (i.e., salts) give this deficiency unusual spatial characteristics.CA content was higher in the culm than in the leaf ranging from 2.3 to 3% for the former and 1.2% to 1.6% for the latter (Tables 1 and 2). FA and ash contents, in contrast, were higher in the leaf, accounting for 0.8–1.2% and 2.9–6.9%, compared to the culm which had 0.6–0.8% and 0.7–1.8%, respectively. MLG ranged from 0.27 to ...Abstract. Occurrence of inter-veinal chlorosis from leaf tip towards the middle of leaf. Bleaching of leaves under severe deficiency. Boron: The symptoms of B deficiency appear on young leaves of ...Halais P (1969) Silicon, calcium and manganese contents of cane leaf sheaths collected on the great soil groups in Mauritius. https://www.semanticscholar.org. Accessed 10 Jan 2018. Fox RL, Silva JA (1978) Symptoms of plant malnutrition: silicon, an agronomically essential nutrient for sugarcane. Illust Conc Trop Agric, 8, Dept Agron Soil Sci ...

The study was a 2 x 5 factorial: two sugarcane varieties: RB867515 and RB92579, and five doses of magnesium: zero, 60, 120, 180 and 240 kg per hectare, using magnesium oxide as a source of Mg ...Magnesium-deficient plants provide the highest starch accumulation in leaves and have a lower concentration of chlorophyll a, b, and carotenoids, while stalks of well-nourished plants have less starch but more sucrose content as compared with those from deficient plants.Relationship between leaf potassium (K) and calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg) on the Inceptisol, in the second ratoon crop. Leaf samples collected at 6 months crop age. Within nutrients (Ca or Mg), points with different letters are significantly different (P < 0.001). Each point represents the mean (n = 24), across all reps, at each of ...In our meta-analysis, we combined data of 80 reports on the impact of Mg nutrition on plant growth and photosynthesis, and of 22 reports on its impact on photo-oxidative stress response. Further 28 reports were used for calculating species-specific critical leaf concentrations.Percentages of nitrogen, P 2 O 5, K 2 O, calcium, magnesium and sulphur in sugar-cane leaf and stem were estimated at maturity according to standard methods of analysis and expressed as ...Hauer-Jákli, M., and Tränkner, M. (2019). Critical leaf magnesium thresholds and the impact of magnesium on plant growth and photo-oxidative defense: a systematic review and meta-analysis on 70 years of research. Front. Plant Sci. 10, 766. doi: 10.3389/fpls.2019.00766. PubMed Abstract | CrossRef Full Text | Google ScholarThe leaf concentrations of calcium (Ca 2+) and magnesium (Mg 2+) decreased linearly with increasing K rate. By contrast, the leaf concentrations of the micronutrients; boron (B) and iron (Fe 2+ ) decreased with increasing K rate.Critical Leaf Magnesium Thresholds and the Impact of Magnesium on Plant Growth and Photo-Oxidative Defense: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis From 70 Years of ResearchIn soils with limited fertility, leaching of Mg can be as high as 25 kg ha −1, while it can be increased up to 40–70 kg ha −1, depending upon numerous variables such as soil and crop type, environmental conditions, and drainage volume [ 1, 18 ].To date, there are few reports of the effect of SEs on sucrose content and cane yield. Here, we conducted a three-year field experiments (2017-2018-2019) in two areas (Suixi and Wengyuan) of China, to investigate the yield and sugar content of sugarcane in response to SE treatment at different growth stages. The results showed that ...

Overall, the organ-specific analysis presented helps to define the partitioning of carbon into the major soluble and insoluble fractions between the three major sugarcane organs, root, leaf and internodes. Whilst no differences were observed in the ratio of major biomass fractions (hemicellulose, cellulose and lignin) between the ...In the new sugar cane fibers, it was shown that activated carbon has a well-developed porous structure and high adsorption capacity, especially for organic compounds with small particle sizes. For years, activated carbon manufacturing has been based on coal.Characteristics of Sugarcane Leaf and Sugarcane Leaf Activated Carbon. The sugarcane leaf and sugarcane leaf activated carbon were characterized by Fourier transform infrared spectrometer (FT-IR, Spectrum GX, Perkin Elmer Frontier, Richmond, Llantrisant, UK: to classify the organic, inorganic, and chemical bonds or functional groups), scanning ...Mill mud is enriched with organic carbon, nitrogen, and nutrient minerals; no prior report utilized 16S rRNA gene sequencing to characterize the microbial composition. Mill mud could be applied to agricultural fields as biofertilizer to replace or supplement chemical fertilizers, and as bio-stimulant to replenish microorganisms and ...This study investigates how tree species influence soil organic carbon using a global dataset, showing the importance of tree functional traits and forest standing biomass to optimise forest ...Like maize and sorghum, sugarcane is a "C4" plant. Their specific functioning enables them to absorb much more carbon dioxide (CO2) and sunlight than other plants. In exchange, they also give off more oxygen and produce substantial amounts of biomass. In sugarcane, this hyperactivity results in luxuriant vegetation and high sugar content.Biomass composition and the amount of glucan converted into glucose after saccharification were measured in leaf and culm tissues from seven sugarcane genotypes varying in fiber composition after no pretreatment and dilute acid, hydrothermal and ionic liquid pretreatments. In extractives-free sugarcane leaf and culm tissue, glucan, xylan, acid ...A 3-yr field trial was established in 2004 on a sandy Alfisol in Florida to compare the effect of organic and inorganic nutrient sources on sugarcane production. The three nutrient sources were (i ...The fibers are composed of the organic solid fractions originally found in the cane stem and are very heterogeneous. Insoluble solids (the fraction that cannot be dissolved in water) are mainly constituted by inorganic substances (rocks, soil, and other foreign materials) and depend on the agricultural conditions of cane processing, such as the ...Nature Geoscience - A review of the organic carbon cycle explores the interactions between the Earth’s surface and deeper reservoirs, the expanding inorganic controls on the organic carbon...

On average the cane weight (ton/trailer) is 6.88 for manual harvesting and 10.12 for mechanical harvesting. The trash percent is only 3.66% for manually harvested cane while it reached 9.49 for the mechanically harvested cane. A 1% increase in trash will lead to decrease in sugar recovery by 0.1%.tion on the irrigated plots. Fertilisation, which was optimal, con-sisted of 150-200 kg/ha N, 70 kg/haP 2 O 5 and 150-200 kg/ha K 2 O. At each experiment plant and soil moisture measurements were made and weather data collected. Validation - In order to validate the relation found, the cane harvested at several dates on subplots of 13 ...The infield plots are harvested with a combine, and the harvested sugarcane is weighed with a wagon that is fitted with three load cells under a wagon that can hold up to 3.2 Mt ( Figure 8 )....Each experimental plot had a total size of 34.8 m 2 (4 cane rows of 6 m long with 1.45 m row spacing). Samples were collected from the middle rows. Based on soil analysis results, only urea (46% N) was provided as a single application at a rate of 200 kg haSugarcane plots were harvested mechanically with cane harvester (Case IH 7700 and Case IH 8800) and cane yields were calculated from harvest trailer weights recorded at the mill and commercially recoverable sucrose (CRS) and total sugar yields (TSH) were calculated by established methods (Gilbert et al., 2006).In the large-plot study, the weight of cane harvested per hectare was reduced by 5.9 metric tons or by 3.8% per wireworm per 1.5 row-meters (r = .92). Wireworms did not cause reductions in...In 2014 and 2015, which were both ratoon crops, the energy cane that was harvested at 1 and 2 mo earlier generally removed lesser amounts of nutrients than those harvested at scheduled date. At scheduled harvest, leaves' nutrient removal rates were 65–130 kg N, 48–192 kg K, 6–30 kg P, and 9–17 kg S per ha. Substantial amounts ...PLANT CANE cane harvested RATOON CANE Fig. 1. Sequence of events in the early stages of development of plant and ratoon cane. a. Appearance of sett roots. b. Emergence of the bud and development of the primary shoot. Establishment of the sel! root system. c. Appearance of shoot roots on the primary shoot and initiation of tillers. d. Maximum ...However, the optimal depth of cutting during harvest in terms of yield and root growth remains unknown. We carried out a two-year field study to determine the effects of three cutting depths (0, 5 and 10 cm below the surface) ratoon cane root and yield. Results showed that cutting to a depth of 5 cm increased the root fresh weight ...Highlights. Sugarcane post-harvest residue is an excellent potential bioenergy feedstock following green-cane harvest. Sugarcane post-harvest residue yields averaged 4.5 tonnes hectare per year; aveage cellulose, hemicellulose, lignin, and ash yields were 1550, 1350, 215, and 41 kg per hectare.

The new row spacing (1.2 m) significantly increases sugarcane yield by about 18%. All varieties reacted positively to narrowed spacing. However, varieties M1565/87 and M1246/84 gave the best ...Each elementary plot of twin rows sugarcane rows, the one consisting of single rows and seven rows for narrow single central rows or usable rows were weighed of sugarcane yield. Legend: On each block are the three (3) levels of the numbered A, B and C.elementary plot, eight rows of sugarcane were planted over 10 m long with a conventional spacing of 1.5m between each row. Natural fallow system Following sugarcane harvesting, Persistent ratoons were eliminated and the elementary plot left fallow. After two and a half months, the land was plowed andThe yield of cane per plot was obtained, samples of thirty whole cane stalks per plot were collected for the determination of the recoverable sucrose content, and sugar pro- duction in tons par hectare was calculated (Lemaire, 1961). Mineral elements P, K, Ca, Mg im, the juicesCane yield was obtained by weighing the whole plot and dry weight was estimated by the product of cane yield fresh weight and dry matter % obtained from cane analysis. CTL weight was taken randomly at sampling from three canes in each plot. The CTL samples were oven dried at 105 °C for 24 h and the dry weights were recorded. Total ...The cane yield and sugar yield of KK3 were significantly (p ≤ 0.01) higher than those of the other genotypes. The wild-type sugarcane and the F1 hybrids derived from the wild and commercial sugarcane could maintain better photosynthetic performance while encountering early drought stress.Didier et al., (2018) explained that in terms of cane production, sugarcane cultivation in rotation with legume fallows is better than the conventional monocropping system of sugarcane...The cane yield per plot was recorded at the time of harvesting. The yield per hectare was then determined using the cane yield per plot and expressed in t ha −1 . Sugarcane juice was analysed for Brix, Pol (%) and purity (%) as per standard methods of Meade and Chen ( 1977 ).This paper has described the designed sugar cane yield monitor and its performance. The results show its potential to be used in precision agriculture. Performance evaluation reports that maximum error does not exceed 6·4% and the mean error detected without any compensation was 4·3%.They reported maintaining an erect crop, by use of scaffolding, increased cane yield by 11–15% and CCS by 3–12%. Two mechanisms operate to reduce yield after partial or complete lodging. Cane quality and yield are reduced, through increased stalk death, and photosynthate accumulation is reduced. Because of the economic impact of ...

Fibre is defined slightly differently across the global group of sugar producing countries, but most often includes cellulose and hemi cellulose in cane stalk, leaf, and other organic components of the crop, in addition to any soil, sand, dirt or stones captured by the harvesting and transport activities in the field.This study aims to develop prediction models for Brix, Pol, fiber, and CCS value in cane fields by using vegetation indices calculated from canopy reflecta Sugar Yield Parameters and Fiber Prediction in Sugarcane Fields Using a Multispectral Camera Mounted on a Small Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) | SpringerLinkLosses for Fibre percentage occurred in canes are graphically shown in Figure 5. Fibre percent of cane increased with increasing the number of days. ...Hard fibre % cane varied from 3.68 to 4.46, pith % cane from 3.18 to 4.03, and total fibre % cane from 6.98 to 8.27. As mentioned earlier, the total fibre % cane values appear to be low, as do those of hard fibre % cane.Two methods for determination of fibre % cane are common in the subcontinent i.e. (1) ICUMSA official method, GS5/7-1994 and (2) bag diffusion method. Though the ICUMSA method is accurate and...Sugar cane is composed mainly of sucrose, fibre and water, usually in the proportions of about 12%, 15% and 70%, respectively (Anon., 2007), in Mauritius. The remaining constituents are other sugars (glucose and fructose), inorganic materials, nitrogenous substances, gums, waxes and organic acids (Chen and Chou, 1993).Brix is the percentage of the total content of soluble solids in the juice. Pol is also known as sucrose juice, and it is the apparent sugar content in the juice. Fibre is the percentage of water-insoluble matter of cane and bagasse, and all of the other parameters (purity, cane pol, RS, and TRS) are calculated based on the former ...The ratio of fibre to cane is commonly expressed as a percentage and is known as fibre-%. This is defined as It = CFt x 100 (%), (2) t where it is the value of fibre-%. Fibre rate is often con­sidered in terms of fibre-% and cane rate, (3) Figure 1 is a schematic diagram of the first mill (Murray and Holt, 1967; Partanen et al ...The commercial variety NC0376 has a higher fibre content (14.04%) than NC0310 (12.72%). An older cane of 22 months has a higher fibre content (15.35%) than a 12- month-old cane (13.38%). In general, flowered cane has more fibre than cane which is not flowering.Several recently developed high-yield varieties of sugar cane (Saccharum spp.) with fibre content 20% higher than that of conventional cane and juice content 10% lower, have been studied.

Purity % = Sucrose % x 100 Sucrose % + Non-sucrose % Therefore, when evaluating the factors that affect cane quality, it is important to remember that: Sucrose is the valuable component of sugarcane. Fibre reduces extraction of sucrose from the cane, so keep F/S ratio as low as possible.Last Updated: 09 Sep 2023. PDF | The analysis of the quality indexes of sugarcane juice plays a vital role in the process of refining sugarcane, breeding, cultivation, and... | Find, read and cite...The most important five criteria are, namely, polarization (Pol), apparent purity, pH, viscosity, and commercial cane sugar (CCS) of the cane juice; besides dextran content of juice has been used to measure the cane deterioration.cane which include Weight Kg per ten stalks, length Kg per ten stalks, and nods of cane Kg per ten stalks, Fiber percent of cane%, Moisture content of cane%, Brix of cane (Total dissolved Solids%), Polarization (Pol.) of cane%, Purity of cane%, Reducing sugars of cane juice % and pH of cane.In GWS, the purity value dropped from 88.8% to about 56.3% during the same deterioration period, as shown in Figure 2. Purity drop has been reported in sugarcane deterioration by Datir and Joshi ...For instance, the purity of sugarcane, which can be derived from Brix and Pol values, is an important factor that determines the level of degradation of harvested cane during the cut-to-crush time, which indicates the efficiency of sugar production.In many countries, representative cane samples are taken, and detailed analyses for Brix, pol and purity are made in the laboratory. The common practice, however, is to test the standing cane in the field for Brix with a hand refractometer, which is an approximate measure of the amount of sucrose in the juice and/or cane. To obtain the Brix, a ...The paper analyzes the dynamic laws of five quality indexes (i.e., brix, purity, polarization, sucrose content,... | Sugarcane, Juice and Sugar | ResearchGate, the professional network for scientists.CC 85-92, used during the trial, had an average pol % cane of 14.5% purity and fiber % cane of 91.5% and 17.0%, respectively (Table 1). Similar results were observed for manually harvested cane (average pol % cane of 14.6 %) when cane was delivered to the factory, despite a residence time of 48 hours on fieldThere is a real need to establish new criteria to measure deterioration in Louisiana harvested cane, in order to better predict: 1) the quality of the cane to be processed, and 2) the...

Primary and secondary losses in harvested canes begin with primary losses related to direct impact on sucrose content in a natural way, while secondary losses are related to the production of secondary products and metabolites such as acids, dextran, and other substances that affect sugar recovery. In the sugar industry, the ...Based on the results, our study illustrated that the sucrose content was reduced to 1.26 units along with reduction in commercial cane sugars of 1.42 units. This is due to reduction in increase in reducing sugars, dextran, soluble acid invertase and microbial infestation in drought canes after 240 h of harvest. Furthermore, this ...The reduction in sucrose content over the time following cane har- vest results in low sugar recovery, reducing mills ’ economies, making post-harvest losses a topic to consider and comprehend.PDF | Sucrose losses after the harvest of sugarcane and (luring subsequent milling operation are one of the most serious problems in many sugar... | Find, read and cite all the research you need ...The quick loss of sucrose content in sugarcane from the time it is harvested has a significant impact on sugar recovery. This problem of post-harvest sucrose losses in sugarcane is a serious concern in cane-producing countries, as it not only leads to low sugar recovery in mills, but also to poor sugar refining.Effect of post-harvest sucrose losses in sugarcane a & b: Loss in sucrose content in normal and drought grown canes at an equal interval of 48 after harvest from 0 h till 240 h after harvest.Sugarcane contains high concentrations of sucrose, providing a favorable environment for the proliferation of microorganisms, which can invade the harvested sugarcane stalk through wounds or cuts . Studies have shown that more than 400 species of bacteria and fungi may be present in cuts and wounds after sugarcane harvesting [ 10 ].The crushing of harvested cane is often delayed for longer than 72 h leading to a steep decline in sucrose content, especially late in the harvest season when ambient temperatures are high. The average reductions in Commercial Cane Sugar (CCS) in untreated billets and whole cane during late harvest were 0.735 and 0.502 units/day ...Sucrose inversions in the deterioration of harvested cane result from the chemical (acid), enzymic inversion, and microbial activity. In the first 14 h of cane juice deterioration, 93.0% of sucrose losses are caused by microbial, 5.7% by enzymic, and 1.3% by chemical changes (acid degradation) .To improve yield and other traits of interest for the development of an energy cane, research must unravel the complexities of the sugarcane genome, develop statistical genetics for highly polyploid genomes and identify genes associated with sucrose content, drought resistance, biomass and cell wall recalcitrance.

Lodging at maturity was estimated visually. All plants in the central four rows of each plot, excluding the most exterior plants of each row, were used to calculate stalk lodging. Stalk lodging was the percentage of plants with broken lower internodes. Statistical AnalysesThreshing operations leave all kinds of trash mixed with the grain; they comprise both vegetable (e.g. foreign seeds or kernels, chaff, stalk, empty grains, etc.) and mineral materials (e.g. earth, stones, sand, metal particles, etc.), and can adversely affect subsequent storage and processing conditions. The cleaning operation aims at removing ...Maize is an annual grass in the family Gramineae, which includes such plants as wheat, rye, barley, rice, sorghum, and sugarcane. There are two major species of the genus Zea (out of six total): Z. mays (maize) and Z. diploperennis, which is a perennial type of teosinte.At harvest for fibres (growing stage code 2305, beginning of seed maturity), all hemp plants growing in two of the centre 8 m long rows of each plot were hand-harvested leaving stubble of about 3–5 cm. Harvest dates were 30 August 2016, 12 July 2017 and 16 July 2018. The total fresh biomass of hemp plants was determined in each ...Use the forage harvester’s corn cracker to break all the maize grains during harvest. Maize should be chopped to 12–18 mm (0.5–0.6 in) in length. Typically, the DM% of a maize crop increases by about 2% per week at harvest time. Having assessed the DM%, the harvest date can be predicted.In a South Carolina study, researchers planted intercrops of southern peas and sweet corn at three different corn plant populations . The plantings were on raised beds with flat and wide crowns on six-foot centers. In the center of each bed was a cornrow with two rows of peas planted 18 inches to either side of the cornrow (see Figure 1). The ...HRR consisted of cutting stalks 0.15 m from the ground and removing residue. Individual plot dimensions were 30 × 30 m under a no-tillage soil management. Each year, both corn and soybean phases of the rotation were present. In the fall of 2005, the residue removal treatments were split, and a cover crop treatment (with or without ...Cereal stem, leaf, and sheath material accounts for two-thirds of all residual phytomass, and sugar cane tops and leaves are the second-largest contributor. Just over 60% of all residual phytomass is produced in low-income countries, and close to 45% of it originates in the tropics.Within 18 to 24 months after planting, two or three of the plant stalks in each mat are ready for harvesting, and two to four stalks can be harvested at intervals of four to six months thereafter. The stalk, with its surrounding petioles, is cut off close to the ground, usually at the time of blossoming. Abaca plants are generally replaced ...The stalks of the plant are caught up in the augers and transported to the back of the machine via straw walkers, eventually the stalks are expelled out of the back of the machine. Leaving the vegetative plant parts in the field helps increase organic matter content in the soil and returns nutrients to the ground as the plant breaks ...

With a full PGR programme (applied during early and late stem extension), benchmark stem heights (to the highest ligule/collar or base of the ear) are: GS31 = 9 cm (related to leaf sheath length) GS39 = 34 cm (around 50% of final height)Pseudo-stem (formed by sheaths of leaves) strongly erected. Stem Extension 6: First node of stem visible at base of shoot. 7: Second node of stem formed; next-to-last leaf just visible. 8: Flag leaf (last leaf) visible but still rolled up; ear beginning to swell. 9: Ligule of flag leaf just visible. 10Feekes 9.0: Ligule of Flag Leaf Visible (early May) Stage 9.0 begins when the flag leaf is fully emerged from the whorl with the ligule visible (Figure 5). From this point on, leaves are referred to in relation to the flag leaf (i.e., the first leaf below the flag leaf is the F-1, the second leaf below is the F-2, and so forth).Figure 19.5. Parts of the grass leaf: ligule. In some species, the leaf blade will show distinct veins when held against the light as seen in meadow fescue. Other important characteristics include stem base colouration which are red/pink in the ryegrasses. Stem/root features can be important when identifying non-sown grass species.Spike growth, slow in its early stages, increases greatly about the time the ligule of the flag leaf becomes visible (Krumm et al., 1990). Floret abortion starts in the boot stage and finishes at anthesis. Floret death occurs when the stem and peduncle are at maximum growth rate (Siddique et al., 1989). Floret death is probably, at least ...The microphylls of Lycopodiophyta of the families Selaginellaceae (spikemosses or lesser clubmosses) and Isoetaceae (quillworts) have minute, scale-like flaps of tissue called ligules at the base of the upper surface of each leaf blade. This feature distinguishes them from clubmosses of the family Lycopodiaceae. [3] : 7 ReferencesDownload scientific diagram | Development of plant height from the soil surface to the top ligule (A), the dynamic changes of plant dry weight from sowing to heading (B) and the phenotypic ...The stem elongates by extending the regions between the stem nodes. The first nodes (joints) become visible and progressively larger after the terminal spikelet has formed on the microscopic spike. After a crop lodges (p 49), it grows back towards the vertical by adjusting angular growth at these ‘joints’ that bear some resemblance to arthritic finger joints. The beginning of jointing is ...“Leaf angle” is defined as the angle between the leaf blade midrib and the stem , and is influenced by leaf development, particularly at the laminar joint. Classic liguleless ( lg ) mutants, such as lg1 , lg2 , lg3 , and lg4 in maize ( Zea mays ) and Oslg1 in rice ( Oryza sativa ), are deficient in the formation of the ligule and ...Leaf angle (LA), the angle between the vertical stem of a plant and the midrib of a leaf blade (Figure 1a), is a key agronomic trait regulating plant architecture for dense planting. Upright leaves can enhance light perception, photosynthetic efficiency, ventilation and stress resistance in dense canopy, thereby allowing dense ...

Measure the fresh weight and estimate the dry weight of the root biomass. Step 11: Calculate the volume of the soil monolith extracted. Step 12: Estimate the root biomass in grams in the volume of soil monolith extracted and extrapolate to per hectare to the depth of the monolith.This article explains in detail how to sample and calculate root biomass considering the sampling position in the field and the differential weight of the root biomass in the inter-row compared to the crop row when expressing data per area unit. This method is highly reproducible in the field and requires no expensive equipment and ...This article explains in detail how to sample and calculate root biomass considering the sampling position in the field and the differential weight of the root biomass in the inter-row compared to the crop row when expressing data per area unit. This method is highly reproducible in the field and requires no expensive equipment and ...Shoot (or above-ground) biomass (W S) is commonly measured by clipping the vegetation at ground level from randomly selected quadrats, while root (or below-ground) biomass (W R) is extracted from cores or trenches. The area under study should be divided into a number of equal squares or rectangular plots with areas of, for example, 1 ...The tested variables were: tree stand basal area (plot level), species-specific basal areas of pine, spruce, birch and alder (plot level); % coverage of shrubs, graminoids and forbs (plot level); WTL (plot level): (i) means of time periods covering the two growing seasons during the incubation period from May to October in 2016 and ...Direct measurement of the AGB of a tree requires that the tree be harvested and weighed to determine the total dry biomass of all its aboveground components.In this study, we aimed to explore which regression models and phenotypic traits derived from lidar data are best for estimating maize biomass (not biomass density) at four levels, including plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.Plot-level biomass estimates were combined with Landsat imagery and geomorphometric and climate layers to map aboveground tree biomass. We compared biomass estimates for individual trees, plots, and at the landscape-scale using our locally-developed allometric equations, nationwide equations applied across the U.S., and the Forest ...Here we combine 10 307 field measurements of forest root biomass worldwide with global observations of forest structure, climatic conditions, topography, land management and soil characteristics to derive a spatially explicit global high-resolution (∼ 1 km) root biomass dataset, including fine and coarse roots. In total, 142 ± 25 ...Six samples per plot were selected, and after extracting larger root fragments (> 1 cm length) as described above; they were spread homogenously on a filter paper (730 cm 2) subdivided into 36 squares. From six randomly selected squares, root fragments were extracted under the microscope.

Step 1: Select and stratify land-use category or project activity (refer to Chapter Step 2: Select and locate plots in each stratum: ° Use the plots selected for shrub measurements within the tree (Chapter 10).This article explains in detail how to sample and calculate root biomass considering the sampling position in the field and the differential weight of the root biomass in the inter-row compared to the crop row when expressing data per area unit. This method is highly reproducible in the field and requires no expensive equipment and ...This article explains in detail how to sample and calculate root biomass considering the sampling position in the field and the differential weight of the root biomass in the inter-row compared to the crop row when expressing data per area unit. This method is highly reproducible in the field and requires no expensive equipment and ...In this chapter, we present methods allowing the measurement of root traits in the field and under controlled environmental conditions (using rhizoboxes). In addition, we also describe sampling methods for studying belowground productivity, soil exploration, and root distribution in the first soil layers at the community level.The present article describes a field auger sampling method for row-crop root measurements. In agroecosystems where crops are planted in a specific design (row crops), sampling procedures for...In this study, we aimed to explore which regression models and phenotypic traits derived from lidar data are best for estimating maize biomass (not biomass density) at four levels, including plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.Shoot (or above-ground) biomass (W S) is commonly measured by clipping the vegetation at ground level from randomly selected quadrats, while root (or below-ground) biomass (W R) is extracted from cores or trenches. The area under study should be divided into a number of equal squares or rectangular plots with areas of, for example, 1 ...Biomass is an important measure of ecosystem productivity and is highly related to ecosystem structure and function ( Lohbeck et al., 2015 ). About 90% of the total aboveground biomass (AGB) of the terrestrial ecosystem is stored within forests ( Dixon et al., 1994; Guo et al., 2010 ).Root biomass is one of the most relevant root parameters for studies of plant response to environmental change, soil carbon modelling or estimations of soil carbon sequestration. A major source of error in root biomass quantification of agricultural crops in the field is the presence of extraneous organic matter in soil: dead roots ...We tested equations developed using data from 11 environmental and mallee planting sites where direct measurements of root biomass were made through whole-plot excavation. Site-level predictions of root biomass from individual tree allometry were effective, with an efficiency of prediction of 0.98. These results indicate that the ...

On a plot-level (a fixed size of 32 m × 32 m), approximately 97%, 93%, and 75% of individual trees could be recorded in easy (ca. 700 stems/ha), medium (ca. 900 stems/ha), and difficult stands (ca. 2, 200 stems/ha), respectively, using five-scan ), promising digitization can be expected for 87%, 69%, and 55% of individual trees in easy, medium a...Based on field observations from Nepal’s national forest inventory of 2010–2014; the data set includes estimates for two major forest carbon pools, aboveground biomass (AGB) and soil organic...In this study, we aimed to explore which regression models and phenotypic traits derived from lidar data are best for estimating maize biomass (not biomass density) at four levels, including plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.° Estimate dry weight separately for each dominant species and for the pooled non-tree biomass. Step 10: Extrapolate the dry weight of the biomass to per hectare and stratum level: ° First, e xtrapolate according to individual tree and species at the plot level. ° Second, extrapolate for the whole plot. ° Third, extrapolate to per hectare.Direct measurement of the AGB of a tree requires that the tree be harvested and weighed to determine the total dry biomass of all its aboveground components.Whilst a wide range of different methodologies have been used for determining tree biomass in native forests, a consistent methodology for above and belowground biomass estimates in commercial plantations is less well developed and have focused on temperate eucalypts [9].The plot measurement and biomass sampling procedures at Oxford and d’Urville allowed live biomass stocks to be estimated in 2008 and 2012. The measured stock changes were similar to stock changes predicted, using backcasting methods, from stem analysis of basal disc samples from representative shrubs growing adjacent to each plot.We compared biomass estimates for individual trees, plots, and at the landscape-scale using our locally-developed allometric equations, nationwide equations applied across the U.S., and the Forest Inventory and Analysis Component Ratio Method (FIA-CRM).The aim of this study was to investigate the potential of multispectral LiDAR data for the reliable estimation of single-tree total and barkless stem biomass (TSB and BSB) in an uneven-aged structured forest with complex topography.Direct measurement of the AGB of a tree requires that the tree be harvested and weighed to determine the total dry biomass of all its aboveground components. Although this method can produce highly accurate results when performed carefully, given its destructive nature and the huge effort required, it cannot be used to produce estimates for large quantities of trees (Goldbergs et al., 2018 ...

Tree stem biomass was calculated using stem volume and density (Eq. 2) and species-specific wood density values 18,20.A DA estimate of plot-level biomass may include crown parts of sample trees that extend outside of the plot perimeter and biomass in oblique stems leaning outside of the plot area. We consider the CA with tree biomass viewed as a variable that is continuously distributed horizontally.The multi-scan TLS approach has been reported to be capable of accurately estimating tree stem volume (e.g., Saarinen et al., 2017), biomass (e.g., Yu et al. (2013)) and total tree AGB (e.g., Calders et al. (2015)) for standing individual trees and approximately 100% of total AGB at a plot level under favorable stand conditions (e.g ...Numbers of plants measured in the 5 × 5 m inventory plots, biomass plants, and plants sampled to obtain additional discs, by species and site. Also shown are mean, minimum and maximum diameters 10 cm above-ground of plants measured in inventory plots in 2012. Diameters of multi-stemmed plants were calculated as the square root of ...Above-ground biomass (AGB) is defined as the sum of the dry mass of every tree component standing above the soil level (e.g., stem, leaves, needles, branches, bark), typically expressed as mass at the individual tree level [ 5, 6, 7 ].Plot-level biomass estimates were combined with Landsat imagery and geomorphometric and climate layers to map aboveground tree biomass. We compared biomass estimates for individual trees, plots, and at the landscape-scale using our locally-developed allometric equations, nationwide equations applied across the U.S., and the Forest ...The overall data consisted of 2,963 plot-based estimates of components as well as total aboveground stand biomass derived from tree-level biomass equations. These tree-biomass equations were developed with data from destructively sampled trees, including data on aboveground biomass per component. For most species, the following ...In this study, we aimed to explore which regression models and phenotypic traits derived from lidar data are best for estimating maize biomass (not biomass density) at four levels, including plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.Dry weight biomass of sampled trees was estimated with different component: (1) stem wood; (2) stem bark; (3) sawdust; (4) stem (1+2+3); (5) large branches; (6) small branches and foliage; (7) crown (5+6); (8) aboveground biomass (4+7); (9) rootball; (10) medium roots; (11) belowground biomass (9+10); and (12) whole tree (8+11).The dataset also contains plot-level measurements of forest composition, structure (e.g., tree biomass), and productivity, as well as measurements of soil structure (e.g., bulk density) and ...

Stem juice yield Mean SJY averaged across varieties ranged from 4284 L ha −1 with 0N in 2011 to 15,767 L ha −1 with 168N in 2010 ( Table 3 ). Overall mean SJY in 2009 and 2010 were similar and slightly more or less than double the mean SJY in 2011, respectively.Stem juice yield, together with stem sugar concentration, determines sugar yield in sweet sorghum. Bulked segregant analysis (BSA) is a gene mapping technique for identifying genomic regions containing genetic loci affecting a trait of interest that when combined with deep sequencing could effectively accelerate the gene mapping ...The current study assessed the performance of the local and global sorghum varieties under local environmental conditions and isolated the significance of both sucrose content and the stem juice yield in evaluating the efficacy of a variety for bioethanol production.Wortmann et al. (2010) used an experience method to estimate juice and sugar yield in three steps: CSY = (FSY–DSY) × Brix × 0.75; JY, 80 %extracted=[FSY–(DSY–CSY)] ×0.8; SY = JY × Brix×0.75; where CSY is conservative sugar yield (Mg ha −1), FSY is fresh stalk yield (Mg ha −1), DSY is dry stalk yield (Mg ha −1), JY is ...The stalk sugar yield of sweet sorghum, which is influenced by sugar content and stalk juice, determines its potential for ethanol production (Guan et al., 2011). Although stem juice yield is a key factor in this regard, limited studies have been conducted to identify related genes/QTLs ( Murray et al., 2008a ; Murray et al., 2008b ...The stem juice yield is a key factor that influences both the biological and economic production of sweet sorghum [Sorghum dochna (Forssk.) Snowden]. To elucidate upon the genetic basis of the stem juice yield, an F5 population developed from a cross between the low juice yielding Xinliang52 (XL52) and high juice yielding W455 lines ...Snowden]. To elucidate upon the genetic basis of the stem juice yield, an F 5 population developed from a cross between the low juice yielding Xinliang52 (XL52) and high juice yielding W455 lines, were used in a quantitative trait locus (QTL) analysis. A main effect of the QTL controlling stem juice yield was separated with an SSR marker called ...Last Updated: 17 Jul 2023. PDF | The stem juice yield is a key factor that influences both the biological and economic production of sweet sorghum [Sorghum dochna (Forssk.)... | Find, read and ...The objective of this study was to determine the influence of five N fertilization rates on sweet sorghum bagasse DM production, stem juice yield (SJY), juice °Brix (Brix), fermentable sugar yield (FSY), juice ethanol yield (JEY), lignocellulosic ethanol yield (LEY), and total ethanol yield (TEY).Calculated ethanol yields from sweet sorghum stem juice, approximately 10,000 L of ethanol per hectare (Li 2003), may exceed that of sugarcane. In another study in the USA, the highest theoretical ethanol yields for sweet sorghum averaged 10,616 and 11,408 L ha −1 in 2005 and 2006, respectively (Bonin et al. 2016 ).

The average field-derived fresh shoot mass, fruit numbers, and yield mass for all plants remaining at harvest was 715.29, 532.06, and 226.96 g, respectively, whereas those for the control plants were 1070.67, 810.00, and 362.55 g, respectively, while those of the salt-treated plants were 355.56, 241.89, and 87.47 g, respectively.Sweet sorghum has succulent stems and broth similar to sugarcane, but studying its energy potential is necessary. We evaluated the biomass, grain yield, ethanol production, and energy cogeneration of sweet sorghum cultivars irrigated with raw and diluted domestic sewage effluent.This equation can deal with long time scales (i.e. the whole crop cycle) provided that values of RUE, k and LAI are dynamically updated. When the ratio of harvestable biomass to the total biomass (harvest index, HI) of a plant is considered, the yield of a crop can then be formalized as follows:The major processes simulated in crop models include crop phenological development and dry mass growth, leaf area development, light interception and utilisation, crop demand for water and nutrients, yield formation, dynamics of soil water, carbon, and nitrogen (N), evapotranspiration, and the effect of atmospheric carbon dioxide ...To test for functional plant traits related to the harvest index of crops when neighbour diversity increased, we quantified differences in plant interaction intensity and plant functional traits ...ANE applications improved plant growth (plant height, stem diameter, fresh and dry mass of leaf, stem and root, leaf number, leaf area, root length and chlorophyll content), yield components (fruit quantity, fruit weight and size, bunches number and size and productivity), as well as soil fertility (dynamics of macronutrients and organic carbon).Fresh and dry weight of roots under FA treatment were highest, which were 37.31% and 47.00% higher than those under the CK treatment, respectively . The fresh weight of stems was not significantly different among the FB, FC, and CK treatments, but significantly greater than that in the FD treatment. The dry weight of stems was not ...After the wheat matures, a 1 m × 1 m sampling frame is used to mark sample points, and 100 samples are harvested manually from May 29 to Jun 1 2021. Fresh aboveground biomass and grain yield data were collected by weighting the total fresh plants and grain of each sample using an electronic scale.Drought stress decreased plant growth traits and yield. However, in plants supplied with SwE, head fresh mass was 7.6% higher than control. Water constrain reduced relative water content (RWC), whereas, SwE improved RWC when plants were exposed to drought. Moreover, water use efficiency (WUE) increased as drought intensity increased ...The effect of eight crop LPJ-GUESS parameters was evaluated on yield, harvest index (HI), NPP, carbon mass, LAI and N pool. A total of 17,280 simulations were performed, combining all the levels from each parameter (2 × 3 × 3 × 3 × 4 × 4 × 4 × 5).

A TST in sugar beet, BvTST2.1, was recently demonstrated to function as an H + /sucrose antiporter that transports sucrose into the vacuoles and is responsible for sugar accumulation in taproot, which is the storage organ in sugar beet (Jung et al., Citation 2015).Tissue was sampled six hours after the beginning of the light period. Soluble sugars were extracted from 50 mg of frozen powder by two successive additions of 80% ethanol kept for 2 h in ice. The supernatants were then separated from the residual solid material, evaporated with a speed-vac, and re-suspended in 50 µL of water ...Although no direct measurements have been made in sugarcane, the 14 CO 2 studies of Hartt et al. (1963) indicate that sucrose is the major carbohydrate transported in the phloem. In the sink tissues, sucrose is unloaded from the phloem. Several pathways of unloading have been described ( Patrick, 1997 ).Sweet sorghum has emerged as a promising source of bioenergy mainly due to its high biomass and high soluble sugar yield in stems. Studies have shown that loss-of-function <i>Dry</i> locus alleles have been selected during sweet sorghum domestication, and decapitation can further boost sugar accumul …Roots of sugar beet and stems of sugarcane and sweet sorghum are the primary tissues to accumulate high levels of sugars, mainly sucrose. These tissues are sink tissues receiving photosynthetic products from source tissues through phloem transport.More importantly, our results demonstrated that the phenotype of high sugar content is inheritable and shed light on improvement for other sugar crops.Additionally, some studies showed that SWEET transporters perform their functions in the stem. In this study, the quantitative expression of SlSWEETs in the tomato stem during mature green (MG) and RR stages were analyzed. We found that SlSWEET11b (Solyc03g097570) had the highest overall expression level in the stem.Sugars, especially glucose and fructose, contribute to the taste and quality of tomato fruits. These compounds are translocated from the leaves to the fruits and then unloaded into the fruits by ...Sugar uptake by wound- and pathogen-induced STPs is a central plant immunity strategy; by keeping the apoplast free of sugars, apoplastically growing pathogens like Pseudomonas syringae are ...For glucose, its concentration derived from stem was comparable with that husk at 5% solid loadings. However, the difference in the concentration between the stem and the husk was amplified with solid loadings increasing. The concentration difference was increased from 0.17 g·L −1 at 5% to 12.69 g·L −1 at 30%. When the solid ...

Besides the theoretical simplifications, the plant species specific leaf angle distribution, the inhomogeneity of the foliage (clumping effect) and the also species-specific and development stage dependent ratio of woody components in the canopy, are the main factors influencing the accuracy of ceptometer measurements.DOI: 10.3791/59447. Abstract. Ceptometry is a technique used to measure the transmittance of photosynthetically active radiation through a plant canopy using multiple light sensors connected in parallel on a long bar. Ceptometry is often used to infer properties of canopy structure and light interception, notably leaf area index (LAI ...Ceptometry is often used to infer properties of canopy structure and light interception, notably leaf area index (LAI) and effective plant area index (PAIeff). Due to the high cost of commercially available ceptometers, the number of measurements that can be taken is often limited in space and time. This limits the usefulness of ...The basic principle of ceptometry is that 65 transmittance of light to the base of a plant canopy (τ) is dependent on the projected area of 66 light absorbing materials above. Measurements of PAR above and below the canopy can 67 therefore be used to estimate canopy traits such as leaf area index (LAI) and effective plant area index (PAICeptometry is a technique used to measure the transmittance of photosynthetically active radiation through a plant canopy using multiple light sensors connected in parallel on a long bar. Ceptometry is often used to infer properties of canopy structure and light interception, notably leaf area index (LAI) and effective plant area ...Recovery methods: Method(s) used to recover vegetation of degraded ecosystems. Example: seedling planting, seeding, hydroseeding, and natural regeneration. Techniques applied: Variations of the method applied. Example: fertilized planting, non-fertilizing planting. Number of plant species used: Number of plant species used in the ...Abstract. Ceptometry is a technique used to measure the transmittance of photosynthetically active radiation through a plant canopy using multiple light sensors connected in parallel on a long bar. Ceptometry is often used to infer properties of canopy structure and light interception, notably leaf area index (LAI) and effective plant area ...Ceptometry is a technique used to measure the transmittance of photosynthetically active radiation through a plant canopy using multiple light sensors connected in parallel on a long bar.The three basic measurements are used to generate indicators of the processes shown in the boxes which, in turn, are related to the three ecosystem attributes which serve as the foundation for most ecosystem services and are essential to the success of nearly all restoration projects.Ceptometry is a technique used to measure the transmittance of photosynthetically active radiation through a plant canopy using multiple light sensors connected in parallel on a long bar.

The authors challenge a long-held dogma in plant physiology, proposing that sugar signals, and not IAA, initiates lateral bud outgrowth after apex decapitation. For decades, textbooks declare that phloem-mediated IAA transport fluxes down the stem decrease after decapitation, relieving the IAA-mediated inhibition on bud outgrowth ...This paper shows data of sugarcane stem height on plots selected by reflectance sensor during two growing seasons compared to biomass accumulation and N-uptake on commercial sugarcane fields ...A greater rate of phloem unloading and storage in the stem, not a higher rate of sugar production by photosynthesis or sugar export from leaves, is the mai Physiology and whole-plant carbon partitioning during stem sugar accumulation in sweet dwarf sorghum | SpringerLinkThe present study examined whether the apparent association between sugar accumulation in the stem and plant height is the result of selection, or dictated by physiological or genetic constraints. The data from the complementary experiments reported in this study indicate that sorghums do not have to be tall in order to accumulate ...This study aims to determine the physical properties of sugar palm stem including moisture content, density, and shrinkage volume as well as the chemical properties such as solubility of extractive substances in cold water and solubility of extractive substances in hot water.The infusion point (position) was at the stem height of 80-100 cm . One week later (on July 7, 2021), we used a 1 mL-syringe to inject 0.8 mL 13 C-labelled glucose solution into the lower segment of each 70 cm-long rubber tube, and the hole on the tube was immediately sealed with an adhesive layer.... sugar contents obtained through refractometer for the apex, center and base parts of the sugar cane were also subjected to Tukey's test at 5% probability (Table 4). The coefficient of ...First results in imaging the 3D shape of sugar beet have been used to extract scalar parameters of the tap root such as height, width, volume and surface area. By imaging over time the development and growth can be observed.Three 20 m × 20 m plots were randomly established in each forests. Forest stand density, stem diameter at breast height (DBH), plant height (H) and soil nutrient content were measured for woody species within each plot. Sample information shown in Table 1.Sugarcane plants were grown for 10 months in the greenhouse at 27°, considered the optimal temperature, and at low temperature (15°) and high temperature (45°). The growth pattern, biomass production, sugar levels in leaves and stem, and activity of the enzymes involved in sucrose metabolism were determined on plants grown at each ...

As can be seen in Fig. 1 b and c, the training site and the test site contained respectively 100 (2,724,850 points) and 40 maize plants (603,360 points. We segmented individual plants from the LiDAR data and manually labeled the points belonging to stems and leaves for model training and evaluation. 2.2.Graph based method is proposed for leaf region segmentation. Circular Hough Transform is used to count the number of leaves in plant images. Abstract. This paper proposes an efficient method to extract the leaf region and count the number of leaves in digital plant images.region growing, the noise in segmentation is suppressed and labeled leaf centers can expand to their whole leaves, respectively. Our method can work on point clouds generated from three types of 3D imaging platforms, and also suitable for different kinds of plant species. In experiments, it obtainsEach leaf typically has a leaf blade ( lamina ), stipules, a midrib, and a margin. Some leaves have a petiole, which attaches the leaf to the stem; leaves that do not have petioles are directly attached to the plant stem and are called sessile leaves.In most plants, stems are located above the soil surface, but some plants have underground stems. Stems have several main functions: Support for and the elevation of leaves, flowers, and fruits. The stems keep the leaves in the light and provide a place for the plant to keep its flowers and fruits.Leaves are generally composed of a few main parts: the blade and the petiole. Figure 13.1.2 13.1. 2: A leaf is usually composed of a blade and a petiole. The blade is most frequently the flat, photosynthetic part. The petiole is a stem that attaches the leaf blade to the main stem of the plant.We identify this as a joint multi-leaf segmentation, alignment, and tracking problem. First, leaf segmentation and alignment are applied on the last frame of a plant video to ﬁnd a number of well-aligned leaf candidates. Second, leaf tracking is applied on the remaining frames with leaf candidate transformation from the previous frame.A leaf (pl.: leaves) is a principal appendage of the stem of a vascular plant, usually borne laterally aboveground and specialized for photosynthesis.Leaves are collectively called foliage, as in "autumn foliage", while the leaves, stem, flower, and fruit collectively form the shoot system. In most leaves, the primary photosynthetic tissue is the palisade mesophyll and is located on the upper ...Typically, a leaf consists of a broad expanded blade (the lamina), attached to the plant stem by a stalklike petiole. In angiosperms leaves commonly have a pair of structures known as stipules, which are located on each side of the leaf base and may resemble scales, spines, glands, or leaflike structures. Leaves are, however, quiteThe top one, the apical meristem, accounts for growth in the stem. The lower one, the intercalary meristem, produces leaf primordia. The leaf primordia eventually divides into two systems that develop leaf blades and leaf sheaths. Growth of leaf blades begins with cells dividing but eventually is mainly from cell elongation. The pacing of leaf ...

Fig. 1 The map of terrestrial ecoregions in Nepal based on data from Olson 9. Full size image The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) recognises five carbon pools: aboveground...Estimating above-ground biomass (AGB) accurately includes several steps, such as the assignment of a wood density value to a tree, the choice of a biomass allometric model or the choice of a height–diameter (H–D) model when tree height data are incomplete or absent.Above-ground biomass was determined from shoots cut at ground level from the central six rows of each plot along 1.0 m in length (sample area of 1.08 × 1.0 m = 1.08 m 2). The dry weight was determined from the samples after drying at 65°C until reaching a constant dry weight. LiDAR measurements with the Phenomobile Lite were ...In this end we reviewed the present scenarios of above ground biomass estimation, focusing predominantly on field measurement (destructive and non-destructive) and remote sensing (optical...Plot-level biomass estimates were combined with Landsat imagery and geomorphometric and climate layers to map aboveground tree biomass. We compared biomass estimates for individual trees, plots, and at the landscape-scale using our locally-developed allometric equations, nationwide equations applied across the U.S., and the Forest ...Allometric equations are currently used to estimate above-ground biomass (AGB) based on the indirect relationship with tree parameters. Terrestrial laser scanning (TLS) can measure the canopy structure in 3D with high detail. In this study, we develop an approach to estimate AGB from TLS data, which does not need any prior ...Abstract. Complexity of forest structure is an important factor contributing to uncertainty in aboveground biomass estimates. In this study, we present a new method for reducing uncertainty in forest aboveground biomass (AGB) estimation based on plot-level terrestrial laser scanner (TLS) point clouds reconstruction.Biomass was measured at plot level at eight contrasting sites to test the accuracy of prediction of tonnes dry matter of above-ground biomass per hectare using different classes of allometric equations. A finer-scale analysis tested performance of these at an individual-tree level across a wider range of sites. Although the ...Above ground biomass (AGB) is defined as “the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody) life forms, expressed as a mass per unit area” , typically Mg ha –1. Urban trees can account for up to 97% of urban AGB . AGB can only be directly measured with destructive harvesting, an expensive and ...Using a volume metric to estimate crop biomass within a plot (combination of spectral and structural information) has significantly improved above-ground biomass in corn . Overall, these studies, along with our findings, suggest that a combination of spectral and structural information from an aerial sensor may be necessary to ...

Based on field observations from Nepal’s national forest inventory of 2010–2014; the data set includes estimates for two major forest carbon pools, aboveground biomass (AGB) and soil organic ...Above-ground biomass was determined from shoots cut at ground level from the central six rows of each plot along 1.0 m in length (sample area of 1.08 × 1.0 m = 1.08 m 2). The dry weight was determined from the samples after drying at 65°C until reaching a constant dry weight. LiDAR measurements with the Phenomobile Lite were ...In this study, we present a new method for reducing uncertainty in forest aboveground biomass (AGB) estimation based on plot-level terrestrial laser scanner (TLS) point clouds reconstruction.The plot AGB was converted to per hectare biomass (Mg/ha). Note that the plots that were situated on non-forestry land, such as farmland, water area, and construction land, were eliminated.In this end we reviewed the present scenarios of above ground biomass estimation, focusing predominantly on field measurement (destructive and non-destructive) and remote sensing (optical...Biomass was measured at plot level at eight contrasting sites to test the accuracy of prediction of tonnes dry matter of above-ground biomass per hectare using different classes of allometric equations. A finer-scale analysis tested performance of these at an individual-tree level across a wider range of sites. Although the ...Using multi-frequency radar and discrete-return LiDAR measurements to estimate above-ground biomass and biomass components in a coastal temperate forest. ISPRS J Photogramm Remote Sens. 2012;69:121–33.The simulation based approach to uncertainty propagation employed in the current study produced estimates of AGB at different spatial scales (tree – landscape level) accompanied by a realistic measure of the total uncertainty.Measuring forest aboveground biomass (AGB) at local to regional scales is critical to understanding their role in regional and global carbon cycles. The Three-North Shelterbelt Forest Program (TNSFP) is the largest ecological restoration project in the world, and has been ongoing for over 40 years. In this study, we developed models to estimate the planted forest aboveground biomass (PF_AGB ...Above-ground live biomass (AGB) is identified as one of 54 essential climate variables (ECVs) by the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) because of its major role in the global carbon cycle.

Tel: +49 2461 61 8684 Email: H.Poorter@fz-juelich.de Sections PDF Tools Share Summary We quantified the biomass allocation patterns to leaves, stems and roots in vegetative plants, and how this is influenced by the growth environment, plant size, evolutionary history and competition.Using data from 108 destructively harvested trees belonging to 36 miombo species, we estimated root to shoot ratios, and developed models for estimation of aboveground biomass (AGB), BGB and total biomass C stocks in the Copperbelt province of Zambia. We also validated our models using independent datasets from elsewhere in Zambia ...We developed an approach for harmonizing vegetation-specific maps of both above and belowground biomass into a single, comprehensive representation of each. We overlaid input maps and allocated ...The equations were parametrized using biometric variables such as basal diameter ( d10 ), diameter at breast height ( d ), dominate height ( doh) and mean height ( h ). Results of the analysis showed that, stem accounted for 58%, branch 32% and foliage 10% of the aboveground biomass (AGB).Kenzo, T. et al. Allometric equations for accurate estimation of above-ground biomass in logged-over tropical rainforests in Sarawak, Malaysia. J. For. Res. 14, 365–372 (2009).Estimating above-ground biomass (AGB) accurately includes several steps, such as the assignment of a wood density value to a tree, the choice of a biomass allometric model or the choice of a height–diameter (H–D) model when tree height data are incomplete or absent.The paper basically seeks to create a dynamic model of winter wheat growth, estimate wheat LAI, biomass, dry aerial mass (DAM) and yield, and also use actual measurements to verify the estimation ...The regression between above–and below–ground biomass was developed using the equation: y = b. x a. Taking the logarithm (base 10) of each side of the equation, we performed a linear conversion and obtained the following equation: log (y) = log (b) + a log (x), where, x and y represent the below–and aboveground biomass ...The dry biomass of wheat organs (leaves, stems and panicles) was weighted, respectively. Moreover, the number of plants per unit ground area was also counted manually in the experimental fields. The AGB in tons per hectare (t/ha) was determined as the product of the dry weight per sampling plant and the number of plants per area. The ...Comparison of above ground biomass obtained by harvest method and general allometric equation method for dominant seedling and sapling species. Average RSR values of those 9 species varied from 0.142 ± 0.039 to 0.855 ± 0.218.

Lakes Collectively, Earth's lakes hold 199,000 km 3 of water. [7] Most lakes are in the high northern latitudes, far from human population centers. [8] [9] The North American Great Lakes, which contain 21% of the world's fresh water by volume, [10] [11] [12] are an exception. The Great Lakes Basin is home to 33 million people. [13]About 71% of Earth's surface is covered with water, and a colossal 96.5% of the planet's water supply is found in the oceans, according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). But water doesn't just ...To break the numbers down, 96.5% of all the Earth's water is contained within the oceans as salt water, while the remaining 3.5% is freshwater lakes and frozen water locked up in glaciers...This chapter summarizes the current knowledge of the water content of the Earth, the water distribution between our planet’s different layers, and the water fluxes between these reservoirs. To this end, a vast range of data is utilized, encompassing actual measurements of water concentrations in crustal and mantle rock samples ...Soil composition by Volume and Mass, by phase: air, water, void (pores filled with water or air), soil, and total. Water content or moisture content is the quantity of water contained in a material, such as soil (called soil moisture), rock, ceramics, crops, or wood.SP. 1. Recognize a statistical question as one that anticipates variability in the data related to the question and accounts for it in the answers. 6.Spheres showing: (1) All water (largest sphere over western U.S., 860 miles (1,385 kilometers) in diameter) (2) Fresh liquid water in the ground, lakes, swamps, and rivers (mid-sized sphere over Kentucky, 169.5 miles (272.8 kilometers) in diameter), and (3) Fresh-water lakes and rivers (smallest sphere over Georgia, 34.9 miles i (56.2 kilometers...We determined where and how dew water enters plants in the water limited Negev desert. Highly depleted isotopic water was sprayed on three different dominant plant species of the Negev desert ...The amount of water in the atmosphere at any moment in time is only 12,900 cubic kilometers, a minute fraction of Earth’s total water supply: if it were to completely rain out, atmospheric moisture would cover the Earth’s surface to a depth of only 2.5 centimeters. However, far more water—in fact, some 495,000 cubic kilometers of it—are cycled through the atmosphere every year. It is ...And almost all of it—96.5 percent—is salt water. Salt water has different kinds of salt in it, but it mostly has sodium chloride, the same salt we add to our food. Just 3.5 percent of the water on Earth is fresh water we can drink. And most of that fresh water, 68 percent, is trapped in ice and glaciers. A third of the fresh ...

Agronomic and industrial characteristics related to the aboveground biomass (fresh and dry), chemical (sucrose, fiber, Brix, total recoverable sugar, extractives, ashes, lignin, cellulose sucrose Download full-size image Keywords Saccharum spp. Second-generation ethanol SucroseAn allometric measurement of abaca is an important approach in estimating the above-ground biomass and fiber yield data indirectly. Regression equations using the different parameters in estimating the various productivity indicators were developed and validated.17 Altmetric Metrics Abstract Forest biomass is key in Earth carbon cycle and climate system, and thus under intense scrutiny in the context of international climate change mitigation initiatives...We hypothesized that (1) the growth balance between aboveground and belowground parts of cotton is important for biomass accumulation, (2) root traits may be more important for growth balance of aboveground and belowground parts of cotton than leaves, and (3) the two kinds of cotton may have different resource acquisition strategies.Above ground biomass. 17/03/2021 4143 views 91 likes 453612 ID 00:00:29. Details. Vegetation biomass is a crucial ecological variable for understanding the evolution and potential future changes of the climate system, on a local, regional and even global scale. A series of new maps, generated by ESA’s Climate Change Initiative, is ...Aboveground biomass (≈320GtC) represents ∼60% of global biomass, with belowground biomass composed mainly of plant roots (≈130GtC) and microbes residing in the soil and deep subsurface (≈100GtC), with ∼9GtC of terrestrial and marine bacteria and ∼12GtC in fungi.By integrating our RMF maps with existing aboveground plant biomass information, we estimate that in forests, shrublands and grasslands, respectively, 22%, 47% and 67% of plant biomass exists ...An allometric measurement of abaca is an important approach in estimating the above-ground biomass and fiber yield data indirectly. Regression equations using the different parameters in estimating the various productivity indicators were developed and validated.Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) plays an important role in the study of the carbon cycle and climate change in the global terrestrial ecosystem. AGB estimation based on remote sensing is an ...Above-ground live biomass (AGB) is identified as one of 54 essential climate variables (ECVs) by the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) because of its major role in the global carbon cycle.

We recently aimed at partially filling this stated gap by performing a techno-environmental assessment of hydrogen from biomass, focusing on hydrogen production via anaerobic digestion of waste resources with high water content (“wet biomass”) and subsequent reforming of biomethane with and without CCS and compared the results to hydrogen from n...90 Citations 9 Altmetric Metrics Abstract Despite the tremendous progress of coupling organic electrooxidation with hydrogen generation in a hybrid electrolysis, electroreforming of raw biomass...Raw, thin and thick juice, as intermediate formed during sugar beet processing, as well as high purity crystal sugar, could be converted into bioethanol and/or bio-based products. Raw sugar beet cossettes are also suitable substrates for bioethanol production ( 31 , 32 ).Here we design reusable acidic ternary deep eutectic solvents (TDES) composed of alanine, lactic acid, and ethylene glycol for fractionation of high-purity lignin and augmentation of lignocellulosic biomass. The selective fractionation yielded lignin free of sulfur and silica, while ensuring that lignin condensation was avoided by ...The combined process of biomass pyrolysis and in-line catalytic steam reforming is a promising alternative for the selective production of hydrogen from renewable sources. This Primer provides a...H 2 production from renewable bio-oil is a promising way to supply green hydrogen; however, this technology suffers from the high viscosity, high corrosiveness, and complex compositions of the bio-oil. Thus, in the present study, we propose a novel method that converts real biomass pyrolysis vapors into H 2via a chemical looping process.At the optimal operating point (850 °C; O/R = 1.2), a hydrogen purity in the product gas of up to 99.998% and a hydrogen yield of up to 40 g H2 m −3 biogas were achieved. A parameter study indicated that a high O/R ratio and a high process temperature increase the conversion of biogas in the reforming step. The maximum overall ...One of the most important uses of biomass gasification is the production of high-purity hydrogen. Several pathways have been suggested to researchers in order to produce hydrogen gas, some of which include water electrolysis, steam gasification, biological methods, and nuclear production of hydrogen.Experimental study on high-purity hydrogen generation from synthetic biogas in a 10 kW fixed-bed chemical looping system. The utilization of locally available renewable resources is crucial for the creation of a sustainable energy system in the future.Biomass gasification is one of the fastest-growing technologies to produce green hydrogen. In this work, an air-blown gasification model was developed in Aspen Plus®, integrating a water–gas ...

In aerial part, moisture content, total ash and a cid insoluble ash are of 11.70±0.17%, 14.72±0.53% and 97±0.0 17 %, respectively. In root part, values of moisture content, total ashDead aerial plant parts can be collected at any time of year and from any habitat. They can be plated out immediately or dried and stored in a cool dry place for periods of more than a year. If substrata are stored moist, they will be overgrown by fungi, and mycetozoans will be difficult to locate. Each collection should be made from a single ...PDF | Soil moisture (SM) is an essential element in the hydrological cycle influencing land-atmosphere interactions and rainfall-runoff processes.... | Find, read and cite all the research you ...The moisture content determined of the required samples of the leaves of C. alata, roots and aerial parts of S. latifolia were 63.83%, 78.50% & 80.95% consecutively.Unmanned aerial system (UAS)-based remote sensing provides a possibility of high spatial-resolution land surface data acquisition. This chapter aims at introducing SM data monitoring approaches using images from sensors mounted on UAS and provides practical guidelines for each method.Surface soil moisture is a key component of soil water balance, which addresses water and energy exchanges at the surface/atmosphere interface; however, high-resolution remotely sensed data is rarely used to acquire soil moisture values.The concepts of an aerial river and aerial lake are proposed and used as a framework for considering large-scale moisture transport. They consist of a symmetry/analogy between the main pathways of moisture flow in the atmosphere and surface rivers and lakes. Aerial rivers and lakes lose (gain) water through precipitation (evaporation ...The monitoring of soil moisture content (SMC) at very high spatial resolution (< 10 m) using unmanned aerial systems (UAS) is of high interest for precision agriculture and the validation of large scale SMC products. Data-driven approaches are the most common method to retrieve SMC with UAS-borne data at water limited sites over non ...The advent of remote sensing from unmanned aerial systems (UAS) has opened the door to more affordable and effective methods of imaging and mapping of surface geophysical properties with many...This paper investigates a Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV)-assisted intelligent monitoring method of soil temperature and moisture. The UAV platform is equipped with a high-precision infrared sensor to sample the discrete-time images of the target ground object.

Impact of soluble sugar concentrations on the acquisition of freezing tolerance in accessions of Arabidopsis thaliana with contrasting cold adaptation – evidence for a role of raffinose in cold acclimation - KLOTKE - 2004 - Plant, Cell & Environment - Wiley Online Library.In today's context, the survival of plants under environmental stress is an extensive area of research. In addition, increase in the concentration of soluble sugars such as, glucose, sucrose and fructose enhances plant tolerance to several abiotic stresses, such as drought, salinity and cold (Rathinasabapathi, 2000).Sensing intracellular soluble sugar pathways, however, provides incomplete information about the metabolic status of plant cells, since they ignore the concentration of soluble sugars in the apoplast and, perhaps more importantly, the apoplast-cytosol and the vacuole-cytosol fluxes of sugars. Consequently, a complex signalling network underlying to sugar-sensing pathways is present.The content and the ratio of soluble sugars and organic acids in fruits are significant indicators for fruit quality. They are affected by multiple environmental factors, in which water-deficient is the most concern. Previous studies found that the content of soluble sugars and organic acids in fruit displayed great differences under ...Soluble sugars are metabolic substrates that play a fundamental role in controlling several processes in diverse plant developmental phases. Sugars such as glucose, sucrose and fructose are reported throughout the plant kingdom and have a dominant role in structure and metabolism at the cellular and whole-plant level.The purpose of this study was to explore the mechanism of ABA-induced freezing tolerance increase in grapevines. The specific objectives were to evaluate the impact of ABA treatment on soluble sugar concentration in grape buds and determine the correlations between freezing tolerance and ABA-affected soluble sugar concentration ...At maturity, grape showed the highest soluble sugar concentrations (16.5-26.3 g /100 g FW), followed by peach (2.2 to 20 g /100 g FW) and tomato (1.4 to 5 g /100 g FW). Main processes determining soluble sugar concentration were decomposed into sugar importation, metabolism and water dilution with the process-based analysis. Different ...Fruit species also showed a large diversity in soluble sugar concentration at maturity, with grape having the highest soluble sugar concentrations (16.5 to 26.3 g/100 g FW), followed by peach (2.2 to 20 g/100 g FW), cherry tomato (3.5 to 6.1 g/100 g FW), and tomato (1.4 to 5 g/100 g FW; Figure 1 ).The response of soluble sugar and starch concentrations to drought (>30 days of no water) were analysed separately as the ratio of the observed concentration in each organ after drought over the average concentration of each organ in the control.The concentration of soluble sugars of the sweet corn hybrids (186–261 g kg −1 DM, Fig. 2a) was in the range of the sweet sorghum varieties evaluated by Zhao et al. ( 2009 ), but lower than the concentration of commercial sugarcane or sugar beet varieties (Eggleston et al ., 2010 ).

measurement of root dry biomass at plot level: experimental variable: plant: agronomy: ferti_K_app_rate_kg.ha1: potassium application rate for soil fertilization: itk: organic fertilization: soil: abv_sugar_fm_content_% percentage of sugar of the fresh matter overground biomass: experimental variable: plant: biomass qualityBased on that, we developed two general equations valid for all varieties: SFB = 0.046 H × D1.5647 and AB = 0.4001 H × D1.0743. To calculate biomass per hectare, SFB and AB must be multiplied by ...In most sugarcane production systems, fresh mature cane tonnage (i.e., cane yield) and sucrose content in fresh cane are two major yield components of sugar yield. In energy cane production systems, however, dry biomass and its chemical composition are more important compared with fresh biomass. A better understanding of plant ...Summary results for total biomass composition analysis on all 36 sugarcane samples utilised in this study are presented in Table 1. The percentage extractives on a DW basis fell between 12.9 and 73%. On an extractive free basis, or % of alcohol insoluble residue (AIR), the results were as follows, 14.5–31.3% cellulose, 9.9–25.5% ...Speciﬁc subject area Cropping systems of sugar cane in association with cover crops. Type of data Texts. How data were acquired Primary source: (i) List of experimental variable names acquired manually by a community of researchers in a network of trials performed from 1987 to 2022 in La Réunion, Madagascar, Mali, Senegal and Burkina Faso [list_of_researcher_variables.txt]; (ii) List of ...Understanding of the anatomic structure of plant biomass, the location and distribution of cell wall components, and the chemical transfer into cell walls is important for developing effective pretreatment processes for sugar production from plant-biomass by enzymes or acids.Aboveground Biomass. Aboveground biomass (≈320GtC) represents ∼60% of global biomass, with belowground biomass composed mainly of plant roots (≈130GtC) and microbes residing in the soil and deep subsurface (≈100GtC), with ∼9GtC of terrestrial and marine bacteria and ∼12GtC in fungi.Group B had higher fresh biomass, total dry matter percentages, and dry biomass-related traits. The IGH KGS 99-100 and ISHs GU 07-3704, KGS 2004-13, KGS 2004-186, KGS 2004-60 and 99-489 can be ...Total biomass yields of 120 Mg ha −1 and up to 35 Mg dry matter (DM) ha −1 at the Ardoyne Farm and total biomass > 140 Mg ha −1 and 50 Mg DM ha −1 at Spanish Trail were observed. Sucrose levels ranging from 2000 to 8000 kg ha −1 were recorded between August and September of each year.This study demonstrated as the sugar beet biomass increased towards later growing period, biomass estimation using red light-based vegetation indices were less accurate as compared to that using band depth analysis in the vicinity of the red edge.

Specifically, in certain environments, the soil has the capacity to maintain the C content within a relatively stable range; when the soil C content is higher or lower than this range, the C content tends to return to this range.Soil organic carbon (SOC) is the largest carbon (C) stock in most terrestrial ecosystems (Lal, 2008a), containing approximately 2344 Gt of organic C globally (Stockmann et al., 2013). Moreover, soil is recognized as the second largest C pool after the oceans and one of the most important components of the biosphere, delivering major ecosystem ...This briefing presents the information on soil carbon that can be extracted from the 2021 national greenhouse gas inventories, as reported by EU Member States for the year 2019. It also gives an overview on the status of soil carbon pools across Europe.The organic C contents ranged from 9.3 to 120.6 g C kg −1, and forest soils had the highest SOC contents (50 ± 4 g kg −1 soil), followed by grasslands (38 ± 3 g kg −1 soil) and...Carbon saturation model. The C saturation model has a whole soil saturation limit ( C m ) (Fig. 2 b) due to inherent physicochemical limitations. In contrast to the linear model, the fundamental relationship between C addition levels and soil C levels at steady-state is asymptotic.Soil C content can be determined by the coefficients of humus and organic matter entering soil, while N is derived from the biological nitrogen fixation or entering soil through precipitation, and the main sources of P are leaching and rock weathering (Ding et al., 2012).Carbon (C) input is a prerequisite for the formation of soil organic matter and thus for soil organic C (SOC) sequestration. Here we used the C-TOOL model to simulate SOC changes in a long-term ...Soil organic carbon tends to be concentrated in the topsoil. Topsoil ranges from 0.5% to 3.0% organic carbon for most upland soils. Soils with less than 0.5% organic C are mostly limited to desert areas. Soils containing greater than 12–18% organic carbon are generally classified as organic soils.Soil carbonates (inorganic C mainly as CaCO) account for about 750 Gt C in the top 1 m and more than 2300 Gt in the top 2 m (nearly equal to organic C stocks). These inorganic C stocks have millennial to million-year turnover times and protect natural soils from degradation.The stock of C in the mineral soil was calculated for each depth (Cstock 0-10, Cstock 10-20, Cstock 20-30 and Cstock 30-40) following the next formula: \({Cstock}_{i}=TOCi*bDi*EFi*Ti\) being i: soil depth (0–10 cm, 10–20 cm, 20–30 cm or 30–40 cm), TOC: total organic carbon content (%), bD: bulk density (g cm −3), EF: earth ...

Four K levels (K 0, K 40, K 80, and K 120 representing 0, 40, 80, and 120 kg ha −1) were applied at different application times [full dose (basal) at sowing (100% S), two equal split doses at sowing and flowering stage (50% S + 50% F), and full dose at flowering stage (100% F)].Soil fertility Integrated nutrient management Crop production 1. Introduction Potassium is an essential macronutrient for plants, animals and human health and consequently plays a crucial role as one of the basic factors of soil productivity.lack of potassium in soil and to reduce the injurious eects induced by salinity stress and high Cd levels on the growth and yield of wheat, appropriate K management strategies in wheat cropping systems are required. Rate and time of K application are key factors aecting the use eciency of applied K. These factors would be considered in formulat-Potassium (K) is an essential nutrient for plant growth. Because large amounts are absorbed from the root zone in the production of most agronomic crops, it is classified as a macronutrient....The applications consisted of five potassium (K 2 O) fertilization rates: 0 (K 0) as control, 60 (K 60), 120 (K 120), 180 (K 180), and 240 (K 240) kg·hm −2 of K 2 O. Nitrogen (150 kg·hm −2 of N) and phosphorus (90 kg·hm −2 of P 2 O 5) fertilizers were applied, of which the N, P, and K were urea (42% N), superphosphate (12% P ...Environment and management. Bijay-Singh, Tek B. Sapkota, in Encyclopedia of Soils in the Environment (Second Edition), 2023. Potassium. Potassium fertilizers are applied to most agricultural soils because most soil K (10 to 20 g kg − 1 soil) is only potentially available for plant uptake. In terms of plant availability and complex dynamics in the soil, K can be differentiated into four soil ...a Application rates of chemical fertilizers, N: P 2 O 5: K 2 O; Krw, recommend K fertilization rate, K was applied both at rice and wheat season; CK, no K fertilizer applied; 70%Krw, K fertilizer rate was 70% of Krw, K was applied both at rice and wheat season; Kr, K fertilizer was used only at rice phase, the K rate was equal to the annual ...In this study, release and fixation rates of K (kg ha− 1 yr − 1) were estimated in five long-term field experiments located on varying parent materials in South and Central Sweden, each having an array of K fertilizer application rates.Potassium was added in soil at the recommended rate for all the treatments combining mineral fertilizers with K-feldspar and biofertilizers, while foliar spraying included the application of potassium citrate (PC), potassium silicate (PS), and monopotassium phosphate (MP). The obtained results showed that plant height was highest ...Next, as corrective fertilization, an application rate of 183 kg ha −1 of P was applied in the form of monobasic calcium phosphate (11.6% of P), according to Sousa and Lobato . Soil chemical parameters before and after acidity correction and P correction fertilization are presented in Table 4.

Nitrogen (N) fertilizer-induced soil acidification in Chinese croplands is well-known, but insight in the impacts of different N fertilizer management approaches (fertilizer type and rate) on soil acidification rates is very limited.Nitrogen application rates of < 150 kg ha –1 or 150–225 kg ha –1 were most effective under the three nitrogen application depths (Fig. 11), thereby indicating that low or medium nitrogen application rates could meet the crop growth requirements under deep nitrogen application, which is consistent with previous studies (Cheng et ...The N application rate between 1961 and 2020 for rice, vegetables and fruits showed the highest growth rate, increasing by 237.6%, 175.6%, and 252.3%, respectively, compared to wheat (152.2%...Nitrogen fertilization can increase soil organic C and N by increasing crop biomass yield, and the amount of residue returned to the soil . Russell et al. , however, reported no difference in soil organic C with N fertilization rate.To benefit banana agronomy and environment, the N application rate of 352 g N per plant could be suggested as the optimal N application rate in this region. Conclusion We demonstrated that different N application rates had great impacts on soil properties and banana leaf physiological attributes.A 2-year field experiment was conducted on the North China Plain to assess the effects of two straw management practices and different nitrogen fertilizer addition levels on soil organic matter (SOM) fractions and microbial properties under a winter wheat-summer maize cropping system.The field experiment consisted of five different split nitrogen fertilizer applications at an application rate of 240 kg⋅ha –1 (basal/dressing, 100/0%, 70/30%, 50/50%, 30/70%, 0/100%; hereafter referred to as N1, N2, N3, N4, and N5, respectively) with a randomized plot design ( Table 1 ).Our work demonstrates that the 100-seed-weight of B1N1 (biochar application rate at 3 kg·m−2, nitrogen application rate at 75 kg·ha−1) increased by 6.55% compared with that of the control. Meanwhile, we have confirmed that the leaf nitrogen contents can accurately predict the changes in NO3−-N in soil at a depth of 10–20 cm ...The highest mean SR value (1.75 mg CO 2 g −1 soil) was found under the highest N application rate (180 kg N ha −1) followed by the 90 kg N ha −1 rate, and these values were significantly higher than the 45 kg N ha −1 and 0 kg N ha −1 application rates .The results showed that, through the irrigation of 93 to 102, 92 to 98 and 92 to 98 mm, along with nitrogen applications of 65 to 71, 64 to 73 and 72 to 81 kg/hm2 at 17, 59 and 87 days after ...

Under sufficient N and K fertilization, P may modestly increase yield by 10–20% across crops and soils. Accordingly, such minimal effect could be justification for using half of the recommended P application rate (Valkama et al. 2009) under sufficient N and K conditions.The relative availability of soil P is highest at soil pH levels of 5 to 7 33,34, which would imply that around this pH fertiliser P application would yield the strongest responses.The objective of this study was to determine the suitable range of available phosphorus (P) and fertilizer application rate in a sugarcane-growing region with red soil in southern China. Thirty-five monitoring sites were selected to investigate the soil available P in relation to crop yield, P-use efficiency (PUE) and soil total P ...The farmyard manure (FYM, mainly comes from cow excretion) was applied with 75 t ha −1 year −1 on a dry basis, where the P content in the FYM was 2.4 g kg −1 per year from the application rate (equivalent to 180 kg P ha −1). All fertilizers were subsequently mixed and applied as a basal dose 5–7 days before sowing (Guo et ...This analysis addresses the effects of fertilizer-P placement on soil P reactions, P uptake, growth, yield, and yield components for the four crops. It addresses P placement interactions with different soil conditions (pH, temperature, soil water content) as well as with fertilizer sources and rates.This study will provide the basic data and theoretical support for enhancing phosphorus utilization and improving agricultural non-point source pollution. Materials and methods. The TP loss from...Phosphorus (P) is an essential element for crop growth, and since the 1950s, P fertilization has significantly increased world food production (Cordell et al. 2009).However, P is fixed in soil because of complex soil processes, preventing the timely and adequate uptake of P by plants (Bindraban et al. 2020).To ensure that the plants grow well and to increase crop yields, P fertilizers tend to ...Soil organic phosphorus (SOP) might play a significant role in plant nutrition and soil P availability, reducing fertilizer requirements, but SOP mineralization is poorly understood. This study assessed rates of SOP mineralization and SOP speciation using a long-term field experiment in France, continuously cropped (1972–2000) and ...With an increase in the soil pH, the rate of phosphorus recovery increased by 11.73, 12.99, 23.89, 2.72, 5.23 and 6.28% compared to control for the corresponding treatments and soils, respectively ...Abstract. Biochar plays a key role in soil phosphorus (P) forms and distribution by affecting soil biochemical characteristics with relevant effects on the microbial community. In this study, we ...

Dry Biomass and Carbon Stocks of Fruit Components. The fruit dry biomass (FDB; in g) and the fruit diameter (D; in cm) were related by the following linear expressions FDB = 1.022 ᵡ D 2.492 and FDB = 1.015 ᵡ D 2.38; respectively for S. madagascariensis and S. spinosa, with the highest coefficient of determination (R 2 = 0.99 ...The application of biomass drying can significantly lower the expenses related to handling, and the conversion procedure, which can help improve the economics of biomass conversion. This study sought to investigate the drying kinetics and energy requirement of three drying procedures ideal for dehydrating tomato waste biomass ...The dry biomass of fleshy fruit is mainly composed of cell-wall and non-structural carbohydrates. However, depending on the species and/or stage of development, fruit may contain significant amounts of organic acids, amino acids, proteins, and lipids ( Coombe, 1976 ; Colombié et al. , 2015 ).There are several types of dryer available (solar, diesel, electric, biomass powered) according to the different needs of the user. 2.- Processing details for dried fruit production A.-Preparation of the fruit All fruit to be dried should be hand picked and not shaken from the tree.The mean biomass yield of clearance wood from fruit orchards in the study is 10.6 Mg*ha−1, with a theoretical energy content of 53,172 kWh*ha −1. With a total annual biomass yield of 357 Mg in the studied area, an oil equivalent of over 150,000 L could be substituted each year by clearance wood from fruit orchards.We found pineapple and orange fruit biomass contain a higher amount of bioethanol and easier to extract than the other fruit and vegetable wastes. Recent review coined out that dry biomass of fruit and vegetable is a promising feedstock in the utilization of bioethanol production.Abstract. The present research article reports the simple, economic and eco-friendly conversion of the waste biomass derived from Cassia fistula dry fruits into a porous Activated carbon (CF AC) by KOH chemical activation method and utilization of CF AC samples as electrode materials in supercapacitor application.Partitioning of dry biomass between fruits and aboveground vegetative structures at harvest varied in the two years. In 2017, dry biomass in fruits ranged from 68.3% in INT × Bare, to 73% in INT × BDM and Control × BDM to 77.3% in Control × Bare. Hartz and BottomsDrying is an energy-intensive pretreatment process of biomass for production of biofuels by thermo-chemical conversion. The efficiency and quality during biomass drying have a significant...... They concluded that the presence of steam is necessary to obtain a syngas with a high percentage of H 2 . A biomass gasification model using dual fluidized bed (DFB) reactors was studied by...

Empty fruit bunch (EFB) from oil palm is one of the potential biomass to produce biofuels like bio-oil due to its abundant supply and favorable physicochemical characteristics. Confirming the assertion, this paper presents an overview of EFB as a feedstock for bio-oil production. The fundamental characteristics of EFB in terms of ...Empty fruit bunches (EFBs) – a second-gen biomass – are the remains of fresh fruit bunches after the fruit has been stripped for oil processing. Brassica carinata – known as novel feedstock – is a cover crop that flowers in between planting seasons.Fresh Biomass of Fruit Components. Fresh biomasses of Lot 1, Lot 2, Lot 3, and Lot 4 of S. madagascariensis fruits were 18375.9 g, 17717.4 g, 18014.9 g, and 17535.9 g, respectively. This represented on average 17911.1 g for these four lots (Table 2). The mean fresh biomasses of the shell, pulp, and seeds of the four lots (each with 50 fruits ...Expressed in units per ton of FFB, in general waste generated from the CPO extraction process consists of empty fruit bunches (OPEFB) of 22%, mesocarp fiber of 13%, shell of 6%, and liquid waste called palm oil mill effluent (POME) of 0.6-0.8 m3 (Hasanudin et al., 2015).Oil palm empty fruit bunches (EFB) are oil palm biomass that can be processed into organic amendments and energy sources. Currently, the methods to utilize these solid waste have become a concern because it is related to the implementation of the zero-waste concept.Empty fruit bunches (EFBs) is one of the potential biomass wastes, which can be utilized as a raw material for bioethanol production. The high availability of EFBs as a biowaste in Malaysia can endorse the concept of waste-to-wealth that had been long dreamed since late 1990, where unwanted wastes are converted into valuable energy.Oil palm empty fruit bunches (EFB) are the largest solid waste with a fraction of around 20-23% of fresh fruit bunches. Conventionally, it is only used as plant mulch in plantations areas. However, this biomass can still provide added value to bioenergy products through thermochemical pyrolysis conversion. The study was conducted ...The palm oil extraction process generates large amounts of solid wastes, including empty fruit bunches (EFB), fiber, decanter cake, and shell account for 23%, 15%, 5%, and 5% (w/w) of fresh fruit bunches, respectively (Maniam et al., 2013) as well as liquid waste (palm oil mill effluent, POME) with 0.5–0.75 m 3 POME·tonne −1 fresh fruit bunches.Considering that the volume of EFB has the largest proportion in oil palm plantation waste, which is reaching (20-23%) of fresh fruit (FFB), it is necessary to study the availability of EFB in supplying raw materials for bioenergy products. In this study, data collection and retrieval are taken from palm oil companies in Kutai ...PDF | Empty fruit bunches of Palm Oil (EFB) are a potential source of biomass energy because they contain lignocellulose (cellulose, hemicellulose and... | Find, read and cite all the research you ...

We characterized the profiles of 35 sorghum accessions and identified 21 accessions with significantly different sugar concentrations between internodes either due to dried-up internodes or concentration differences. As a high-throughput alternative to Brix measurements, the new method makes it possible to phenotype total sugars from large ...The present high-throughput PSA assay will be capable of profiling internode sugar concentrations in sorghum or sugarcane, and could facilitate the phenotyping of large sample sizes in genetic studies, such as ethyl methanesulfonate (EMS)-mutagenized population, QTL mapping population, and genome-wide association study (GWAS ...The spatial and temporal profiles designed for the internode characterization exhibited roughly similar lignin, cellulose and MP concentrations in both sugarcane and energy-cane hybrids, but differences in galactose content and saccharification potential. In addition, the findings demonstrated that biomass recalcitrance increased ...Download scientific diagram | Soluble sugar concentrations (μmol/g FW) in young (internode 3; I3) and mature (internode 9; I9) stalk sections harvested from independent trials including...No study of soluble sugar levels in S. viridis culms has been published; however, Brix concentrations of up to ten can be achieved (Martin et al. unpublished observations), which is equivalent to that of mid-range sweet sorghum and sugarcane crops.The present method can reliably estimate mixed sugars composed of 80% sucrose. We characterized the profiles of 35 sorghum accessions and identified 21 accessions with significantly different sugar concentrations between internodes either due to dried-up internodes or concentration differences.A new high-throughput methodology was developed for screening large variable populations of S. bicolor for biomass, soluble sugar concentrations, and cell wall composition using a volumetric correlation between the fourth internode from the base of the stalk that had expanded more than 2 cm, to that of the whole stalk (Figure 1).As the production of soluble sugar by sweet sorghum depends on extractable juice quantity and sweetness (Burks et al. 2015), further insight must be provided to the way stay-green ability influences sugar partitioning in internodes along the stem depending on plant water status.Della and Rio showed similarities in internode sugar concentration dynamics in several aspects. First, the total sugar concentrations were markedly increased in both genotypes from anthesis to 38 DAF (from ~ 9 to ~ 18% in Della and from ~ 12 to ~ 19% in Rio; Fig. 2d). Second, the upper internodes (internode 2–8 for Rio and ...The commonly used sugar measurement, Brix, limits the characterization of internode variation of the sugar concentrations due to its low throughput. Here we developed a low-cost, high-throughput ...

Leaf area index (LAI) is a dimensionless quantity that characterizes plant canopies. It is defined as the one-sided green leaf area per unit ground surface area (LAI = leaf area / ground area, m 2 / m 2) in broadleaf canopies. In conifers, three definitions for LAI have been used: Half of the total needle surface area per unit ground ...Leaf Area Index. The Leaf Area Index is defined as half the total area of green elements of the canopy per unit horizontal ground area. The satellite-derived value corresponds to the total green LAI of all the canopy layers, including the understory which may represent a very significant contribution, particularly for forests. Practically, the ...L’indice foliaire, ou indice de surface foliaire (LAI, en anglais Leaf Area Index), est une grandeur sans dimension qui exprime la surface foliaire d’un arbre, d’un peuplement, d’un écosystème ou d’un biome par unité de surface de sol. Il est déterminé par l'estimation de la surface supérieure de l'intégralité des ...Leaf area index is defined as the projected area of leaves over a unit of land (m 2 m −2), so one unit of LAI is equivalent to 10,000 m 2 of leaf area per hectare. Sometimes LAI is expressed on the basis of all leaf surfaces. For broadleaf trees, the total is twice the projected area; for needle-leaf trees the conversion is between 2.4 and 2.6Leaf area index (LAI) quantifies the amount of leaf material in a canopy. By definition, it is the ratio of one-sided leaf area per unit ground area. LAI is unitless because it is a ratio of areas. For example, a canopy with an LAI of 1 has a 1:1 ratio of leaf area to ground area (Figure 1a). A canopy with an leaf area index of 3 would have a 3 ...Abstract. Leaf area index (LAI) is a critical vegetation structural variable and is essential in the feedback of vegetation to the climate system. The advancement of the global Earth Observation has enabled the development of global LAI products and boosted global Earth system modeling studies.The leaf area index (LAI) is the projected leaf area per unit of ground surface area (Watson , 1947). This is a dimensionless quantity and is the equivalent to m² of leaves per m² of soil (LAI = leaf area / ground area, m2 / m2). Leaf area index varies from 2 in some pine forests to 5-7 in closed stands, but it is not uncommon to measure ...Leaf area index (LAI) is the total one‐sided area of leaf tissue per unit ground surface area. It is a key parameter in ecophysiology, especially for scaling up the gas exchange from leaf to canopy level. It characterizes the canopy–atmosphere interface, where most of the energy fluxes exchange. It is also one of the most ...Leaf area index (LAI) is a critical vegetation structural variable and is essential in the feedback of vegetation to the climate system. The advancement of the global Earth Observation has enabled the development of global LAI products and boosted global Earth system modeling studies.

Leaves are generally composed of a few main parts: the blade and the petiole. Figure 13.1.2 13.1. 2: A leaf is usually composed of a blade and a petiole. The blade is most frequently the flat, photosynthetic part. The petiole is a stem that attaches the leaf blade to the main stem of the plant.Graph based method is proposed for leaf region segmentation. Circular Hough Transform is used to count the number of leaves in plant images. Abstract. This paper proposes an efficient method to extract the leaf region and count the number of leaves in digital plant images.Each leaf typically has a leaf blade ( lamina ), stipules, a midrib, and a margin. Some leaves have a petiole, which attaches the leaf to the stem; leaves that do not have petioles are directly attached to the plant stem and are called sessile leaves.In most plants, stems are located above the soil surface, but some plants have underground stems. Stems have several main functions: Support for and the elevation of leaves, flowers, and fruits. The stems keep the leaves in the light and provide a place for the plant to keep its flowers and fruits.These leaf meristems coordinate the orientation of the cell division plate, produce the main compartments of the leaf (the leaf blade and leaf petiole), and determine the proximal-distal gradient where the switch from cell proliferation to cell differentiation occurs in developing leaves (Donnelly et al., 1999; Ichihashi et al., 2011).A total of 1123 records for total leaf, total stem, and total plant size (M L, M S, and M T, respectively) and 548 records for plant height and DBH complied by Cannell (1982); Enquist and Niklas (2002), and Niklas and Enquist (2002a,b) were analyzed. The data included measurement taken on eudicot, monocot, and conifer species, and ...We identify this as a joint multi-leaf segmentation, alignment, and tracking problem. First, leaf segmentation and alignment are applied on the last frame of a plant video to ﬁnd a number of well-aligned leaf candidates. Second, leaf tracking is applied on the remaining frames with leaf candidate transformation from the previous frame.angiosperm. Table of Contents. Angiosperm - Stems, Photosynthesis, Reproduction: The stem conducts water and minerals from the roots and food from the site of synthesis to various parts. The angiosperm leaf consists of a leaf base, two stipules, a petiole, and a blade.A few mutants such as broad leaf 1 (blf1) and gigas (gig) produce large leaf blades that are up to twice the normal width. In contrast, the angustifolium-a (fol-a) and narrow leaf dwarf (nld) mutants have small, narrow leaf blades. The brachytic (brh) mutants often have relatively short leaf blades.Each image was labeled in two annotation levels. The first is the number of leaves, and the second is a leaf center dot annotation. The size of the images varies between 441 × 441 and 2, 448 × 2, 048, and they were resized to 800 × W where W was chosen to keep the original aspect ratio. To enrich the datasets, random transformations were ...

Open in figure viewer PowerPoint. Allocation in relation to total plant dry mass (TDM). (a–c) The fractional allocation to leaves (LMF), stems (SMF) and roots (RMF), respectively, for herbaceous species. (d–f) The fractional allocation to leaves, stems and roots, respectively, for woody species.There is convincing evidence for a scaling relationship between leaf dry weight ( DW) and leaf surface area ( A) for broad-leaved plants, and most estimates of the scaling exponent of DW vs. A are greater than unity. However, the scaling relationship of leaf fresh weight ( FW) vs. A has been largely neglected.Estimation of leaf dry biomass from the product of leaf dimensions. The correlations, linear regression and polynomial models between leaf dry biomass and the product of leaf dimensions are presented in Fig. 4. Most of the best models obtained were polynomial models with a logarithmic transformation of the data.Reduced major axis regression was used to fit the log-transformed data of leaf biomass and area, and the bootstrap percentile method was used to test the significance of the difference between...We compared abundance-weighted values of two of the most widely used traits from the leaf economics spectrum (specific leaf area and leaf dry matter content) with measured aNPP across a temperate ecosystem gradient. We found that leaf dry matter content (LDMC) as opposed to specific leaf area (SLA) was the superior predictor of aNPP ...Dry weight biomass measurements with electronic balance. Overview. Total dry mass is often used as an indication of plant fitness. In particular, dry vegetative mass is generally correlated to reproductive mass. In addition, the plant samples may be split into leaves, stems and roots. This enables calculation of the root to shoot ratio, and ...Two different equations were determined to estimate leaf area and dry biomass from leaf dimensions. The relation between leaf area (A) and the product of length (L) × width (Wi) was defined by the linear equation A = 0.60 × L × Wi whereas dry biomass (We) was predicted by a power law We = 0.004 × (L × Wi)1.11. This method could ...Leaf dry matter content (ratio of leaf dry mass to leaf saturated mass) is an index of mass investment in photosynthetic organs that is positively correlated with leaf density and negatively correlated with leaf [N] and plant growth (Garnier et al., 2004; Polley, Yang, et al., 2020a).The relationship between leaf area and plant biomass was found to be non-linear and variable depending on carbon partitioning. The model output was sensitive to the rate of photosynthesis but more sensitive to the amount of carbon partitioned to growing thicker leaves.Specific leaf area (SLA) was calculated as the leaf area per unit dry leaf mass. Measurement of biomass and productivity allocation to absorptive root and leaf We measured the diameter (at breast height) of 26–38 trees for two consecutive years at each site.

Allocation to leaves (a), stems (b) and roots (c) in various biomes of the world. For some biomes, there is a paucity of studies distinguishing between leaf, stem and root biomass. In these cases, we added additional observations for which vegetation was separated into above- and below-ground biomass, from which the root mass ...Reduced major axis regression was used to fit the log-transformed data of leaf biomass and area, and the bootstrap percentile method was used to test the significance of the difference between...The model showed that maximizing leaf area growth by small reductions in C partitioning to leaf thickening with subsequent increments to leaf area growth, during early stages of vegetative growth has profoundly positive effects on leaf area, leaf mass, and plant biomass as seen in gi-2.“Diminishing returns” in leaf economics occurs when increases in lamina mass (M), which can either be represented by lamina dry mass (DM) or fresh mass (FM), fail to produce proportional increases in leaf surface area (A), such that the scaling exponent (α) for the M vs. A scaling relationship exceeds unity (i.e., α > 1.0 ...The scaling relationship for leaf fresh mass vs. leaf area was statistically robust for each of the six species, and the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval (CI) of the α was greater than 1.0 for all six species (Fig. 4). Likewise, the R 2 exceeded 0.90 in all species.To test whether there are general patterns in biomass partitioning in relation to environmental variation when stand biomass is considered, we investigated biomass allocation in leaves, stems...Fresh leaf samples were killed using an oven at 105°C and dried at 65°C to a constant weight, then weighed for dry weight and the biomass of the needle leaves was calculated. 2.3. Determination of biomass of leaf per plantLeaf dry mass per unit area (LMA) is considered to represent the photosynthetic capacity, which actually implies a hypothesis that foliar water mass (leaf fresh weight minus leaf dry weight) is proportional to leaf dry weight during leaf growth.The truncation treatment described here represents a promising rejuvenation technique for increasing leaf size, fresh weight (FW), photosynthetic capacity, and leaf biomass and delaying senescence in G. biloba. In addition, increasing the production of bioactive flavonoids in medicinal plant species is desirable. We found that the ...This paper describes a simple technique for the fermentation of untreated or partly-treated leafy biomass in a digester of novel design without incurring the normal problems of feeding, floating and scum formation of feed, etc.

Here, we investigated the sugar content, gene expression, and the activity of sucrose-metabolizing enzymes in the leaves of Hevea brasiliensis, a tropical tree widely cultivated for natural rubber. Sucrose, fructose and glucose were the major sugars detected in Hevea leaves at four developmental stages (I to IV), with starch and ...Soluble sugar and starch concentrations in the leaves increased or decreased immediately after the temperature was reduced or raised. A strong gradient of changes was observed for up to 36 h and 60 h in soluble sugars and starch, respectively.Soluble sugars trigger the proliferation of organs and produce larger and thicker leaves, increases the size and number of tubers and adventitious roots (Gibson, 2005). It has been reported when sucrose is present in higher concentration in potatoes leads to increase the number of tubers (Gibson, 2005).We measured the concentration of starch, soluble sugar, NSC, and the soluble sugar:starch ratio in leaves, twigs, trunks and roots of twenty dominant species for dry and wet season in monsoon ...Similar elevations in soluble sugar concentrations of leaves in response to flooding were observed in Acosmium nitens (Vog.) Benth., Eschweilera tenuifolia, Campsiandra laurifolia, and Symmeria paniculata Benth., accompanied in all cases by elevated leaf starch concentrations (Rengifo et al. 2005). In contrast to the rather substantial effects of flooding observed, seedling responses to short ...Increased concentration of soluble sugars triggered the propagation of organs and produced larger and thicker leaves (Gibson, 2005). High sugar accumulation caused increase in the size and number of tubers in potatoes, enhanced adventitious roots formation in Arabidopsis , and also promoted cell division and cell expansion and ...Sensing intracellular soluble sugar pathways, however, provides incomplete information about the metabolic status of plant cells, since they ignore the concentration of soluble sugars in the apoplast and, perhaps more importantly, the apoplast-cytosol and the vacuole-cytosol fluxes of sugars. Consequently, a complex signalling network underlying to sugar-sensing pathways is present.Soluble sugars (mono- and disaccharides) play a main role in the assembly and functioning of all living cells. Their origin gives the impression to be firmly connected with prebiotic and primary biotic evolution (Hazra et al. 2019 ).The soluble sugar/starch ratio of C. lanceolate decreased with increasing shading degree, whereas that of S. superb remained stable. Leaf C:N ratio decreased while N:P ratio increased with increasing shading degree; leaf C:P ratio was highest in 60% shading degree for C. lanceolata and in 40% shading degree for S. superba. S. superba ...From many aspects including plants’ perception of water stress signal, signal conversion and transmission, induced gene expression, the changes in soluble sugar and the enzyme activities of organic acids, as well as the final sugar and acid content in fruits, this thesis summarized previous studies on the influence of water stress ...

Leaf area ratio: Leaf area/total plant dry mass: m 2 kg −1: LMF: Leaf mass fraction: Leaf dry mass/total plant dry mass: g g −1: NIR: Nitrogen intake rate: Nitrogen uptake/root dry mass/day: mmol N g −1 d −1: PNC: Plant nitrogen concentration: Nitrogen/plant dry mass: mmol N g −1: PI: Plasticity indexBy integrating our RMF maps with existing aboveground plant biomass information, we estimate that in forests, shrublands and grasslands, respectively, 22%, 47% and 67% of plant biomass exists...Broadleaf forests: Biomass expansion factor is defined as: the ratio of total aboveground oven-dry biomass density of trees with a minimum dbh of 10 cm or more to the oven-dry biomass density of the inventoried volume. Such ratios have been calculated from inventory sources for many broadleaf forest types (young secondary to mature) growing in ...The root/shoot ratio (RSR) is the ratio of the belowground biomass to the aboveground biomass, which is the parameter that most directly reflects biomass allocation by plants. Many plants would change their RSR in response to shading or low nutrient availability ( Reynolds and D'antonio, 1996 ; Aphalo et al., 1999 ), so RSR is an ...The sub-sample dry and fresh weights were used to determine the tree specific dry to fresh weights ratios (DF-ratios) which were used to convert measured fresh tree mass in the field to dry weight biomass [Citation 27]. The average wood density (g cm −3) per sample tree was calculated as oven-dry divided by volume at saturation point ...Above- and belowground biomass allocation. There were significant differences in the SMF, RMF and R/S among the six species ( P < 0.001, Fig. 3 ). The average RMF was the highest in M. sativa (46.5%), followed by L. chinensis (38.2%), S. grandis (36.3%), C. squarrosa (24.0%), S. viridis (3.7%) and C. glaucum (3.6%).where y is the crop’s yield (Mg ha −1), ω is the dry matter fraction of its harvested biomass, h is its harvest index (fraction of total AGB collected at harvest) and c is the carbon content ...Article Open access Published: 09 May 2022 An allometric model-based approach for estimating biomass in seven Indian bamboo species in western Himalayan foothills, India R. Kaushal, S. Islam,...Above-ground dry biomass of these six crops was more accurately estimated from the assimilation of LAI derived from both satellites (R 2 (the coefficient of determination) = 0.81, RMSE (the root-mean-square-error) = 135.4 g/m 2, nRMSE (the normalized RMSE) = 37.9%, RPD (the ratio of percent deviation) = 2.26) than that of LAI derived ...The effects of grazing on plant biomass and diversity depended on climate types and grazing patterns. Specifically, grazing significantly decreased plant total biomass and belowground biomass in dry areas only, but increased rootshoot ratio in wet areas only. Growing season and year-long grazing decreased total biomass, whereas non-growing ...

Soil C content can be determined by the coefficients of humus and organic matter entering soil, while N is derived from the biological nitrogen fixation or entering soil through precipitation, and the main sources of P are leaching and rock weathering (Ding et al., 2012).In this study, we analyzed the seasonal dynamics of soil net ammonification, net nitrification, net mineralization rates and soil inorganic N content and their responses to N addition in the third growing season (May to September) after N addition. The main purposes were to reveal the effects of atmospheric N deposition on N ...Soil C, N contents and C:N stoichiometry are important indicators of soil quality, the variation characteristics of which have great significance for soil carbon-nitrogen cycle and sustainable utilization. Based on 597 observations along with soil profiles of 0–20cm depth in the 1980s and the 2010s, the temporal and spatial variations of soil C, N contents and C:N stoichiometry in the major ...The soil is classified as a Cambic soil (43% sand, 36% silt, 21% clay, 5.2% organic matter) with a pH of 6.2. Historically, this area has been subject to a mid-intensive grassland management scheme (early season mowing with medium inputs of organic fertilizer, late seasonal grazing).Abstract. This study evaluated the effect of a dairy system involving grazing over the winter on a soil surface N balance (SSB) and soluble N content in a clay loam soil in comparison with early spring calving systems. The SSBs were calculated for each paddock within three dairy systems for 2 years.Soil water content affects the moisture and amount of nutrients available to plants and soil aeration status. Soil water content can be measured on a mass or volume basis. Gravimetric soil water content is the mass of water in the soil, measured as the difference between the moist soil and the soil dried at 105°C, known as the oven-dry weight ...Vocabulary. Soil contains air, water, and minerals as well as plant and animal matter, both living and dead. These soil components fall into two categories. In the first category are biotic factors—all the living and once-living things in soil, such as plants and insects.It was found that soil organic matter (SOM) and silt content were the main factors to determine cation exchange capacity and specific surface area. Both cation exchange capacity and specific surface area were closely related to silt content but weakly related to clay content, possibly due to the high silt content in our studied soils ...Each land use category includes two soil categories — mineral soil and organic soil. Organic soil has a high carbon content (see box 1). Soils in the 2019 LULUCF sector inventories. The EU LULUCF sector is a significant sink, meaning that it removes CO 2 from the atmosphere by storing more carbon on land. However, there are large differences in carbon storage capacity between countries ...The total N contents varied from 2.0 to 3.7 g kg −1 soil and followed a similar pattern to that of the SOC contents, except for (sub)tropical soils corresponding to particles < 63 µm (Fig. 2D ...

This suggests that high soluble sugar concentration in the stem of TS is due to a factor other than the small panicle caused by the sp1 mutation. Therefore, in the present study, we characterized sugar metabolism in the stem of TS to obtain clues to the cause of its high sugar concentration.Soluble sugar and starch concentrations of developing grains of panicle on main shoot were measured between days 7 and 19 post-anthesis (Figs. 3, 4). www.nature.com/scientificreports...Soluble sugar and starch concentrations of developing grains of panicle on main shoot were measured between days 7 and 19 post-anthesis (Figs. 3, 4).33 Citations Metrics Abstract The yield-increasing mechanism of an optimized nitrogen fertilizer application (OFA) in rice was reported in this work through a three-year test. Results showed that...To observe the structure of vascular bundles in the branches in different positions of the panicle, one-fifth of the branches sampled were fixed in FAA solution (38% formaldehyde: glacial acetic acid: 70% alcohol = 1:1:18), and then stored at 4°C for optical microscopy (OM) observation.However, the soluble sucrose content was 61% higher in the panicle of Milyang360 than in that of Saeilmi (Fig. 1c). However, there was no difference in photosynthesis rate between the two ...Soluble sugars and sucrose were higher through the entire period from panicle initiation to maturity under LN than under HN (Figures 3C,D). The NSC and starch concentrations in SY63 were higher than in LYPJ from panicle initiation to heading and lower after heading under both the LN and HN treatments. From 6 to 24 days after heading ...Kono (Citation 2011) reported that soluble sugar concentration in the stem of Kusanohoshi was increased by panicle-thinning treatment, but that the elevated concentration was still lower than the concentration in the stem of Tachisuzuka. These insights suggest that the influence of panicle size reduction on stem soluble sugar reserves is ...Total sugar soluble content and proline content of rice cv. Leum Pua inoculated with or without AMFs (Funneliformis mosseae; F, with Claroideoglomus etunicatum; C, and Acaulospora fovaeta; A, in F ...In addition to the low grain/straw ratio conferred by the small panicle trait, the two WCS cultivars accumulate a high concentration of soluble sugars in their stems, which is an outstanding feature contributing to better fermentation quality of the silage (Matsushita et al., 2011, 2014).

This theory, narrowed down to sugar nutrients, states that a minimal level of sugar assimilates needs to reach the apex (flowering) or lateral bud (removal of apical dominance) before floral transition or lateral bud outgrowth is initiated.A greater rate of phloem unloading and storage in the stem, not a higher rate of sugar production by photosynthesis or sugar export from leaves, is the mai Physiology and whole-plant carbon partitioning during stem sugar accumulation in sweet dwarf sorghum | SpringerLinkThis paper shows data of sugarcane stem height on plots selected by reflectance sensor during two growing seasons compared to biomass accumulation and N-uptake on commercial sugarcane fields ...The present study examined whether the apparent association between sugar accumulation in the stem and plant height is the result of selection, or dictated by physiological or genetic constraints. The data from the complementary experiments reported in this study indicate that sorghums do not have to be tall in order to accumulate ...On these experimental shoots (>150 cm long), all buds were removed leaving only the apical 10 cm of the shoot intact with 3–4 buds. On each tree, three branches were girdled at 10, 20 or 40 cm from the apex and one branch was left as a control (non-girdled). Girdling was done using a dull razor blade to avoid cutting into xylem. A ...The infusion point (position) was at the stem height of 80-100 cm . One week later (on July 7, 2021), we used a 1 mL-syringe to inject 0.8 mL 13 C-labelled glucose solution into the lower segment of each 70 cm-long rubber tube, and the hole on the tube was immediately sealed with an adhesive layer.First results in imaging the 3D shape of sugar beet have been used to extract scalar parameters of the tap root such as height, width, volume and surface area. By imaging over time the development and growth can be observed.The APEX data were recorded on 1 July 2015 in Belgium (flying height 3900 m) and on 20 March 2015 in Luxembourg (flying height 4700 m). The location of the two study areas is shown in Figure 1.Three 20 m × 20 m plots were randomly established in each forests. Forest stand density, stem diameter at breast height (DBH), plant height (H) and soil nutrient content were measured for woody species within each plot. Sample information shown in Table 1.To identify the constraints on stem sugar accumulation in sweet sorghum, we used a combination of carbon-11 (11 C) radiotracer, physiological and biochemical approaches, and compared a grain sorghum and sweet dwarf sorghum line that have similar growth characteristics including height. Photosynthesis did not increase during ...

6ft 2 (188 cm) Rudy. Rick Worthy. 6ft 2 (188 cm) Alaric. Matthew Davis. 6ft 0 (183 cm) John Gilbert. David Anders.The Vampire Diaries Cast Heights: Sorted by Tallest to Smallest Benjamin Ayres (6ft 2") Rick Worthy (6ft 2") Matthew Davis (6ft 0") Chris Wood (5ft 11") Steven R. McQueen (5ft 11") Todd Williams (5ft 11") Taylor Kinney (5ft 10") Sterling Sulieman (5ft 10") Paul Wesley (5ft 10") Michael Malarkey (5ft 9") Penelope Mitchell (5ft 8")Steven R. McQueen: 33, Single, 6’, Cancer Known mainly for playing Elena's fierce but annoying little brother, Jeremy, Steven R. McQueen is one of the few actors who still features in The Vampire Diaries universe and makes a few appearances in the spinoff, Legacies.The Vampire Diaries Heights Shortest Tallest Katerina Graham 5ft 1 or 157 cm Mouzam Makkar 5ft 2 or 160 cm Tristin Mays 5ft 4 or 163 cm Nina Dobrev 5ft 4 or 165 cm Sara Canning 5ft 4 or 165 cm Kayla Ewell 5ft 5 or 166 cm Persia White 5ft 6 or 168 cm Kristen Gutoskie 5ft 6 or 170 cm Candice Accola 5ft 6 or 170 cm Penelope Mitchell 5ft 8 or 173 cmVampire Diaries, ou Journal d'un vampire au Québec, (The Vampire Diaries) est une série télévisée américaine développée par Kevin Williamson et Julie Plec.Elle a été diffusée du 10 septembre 2009 au 10 mars 2017 sur The CW aux États-Unis et en simultané sur CTV pour la première saison puis sur /A\ / CTV Two pour les autres saisons au Canada.Dimensions, also known as worlds, are self-contained universes that mostly operate independently of each other. Most known dimensions have existed on non-physical or metaphysical planes with the exception of the Prison Worlds and although parallel to our conventional plane, operate under supernatural laws of physics. While some dimensions naturally exist, others were created through witchcraft ...Nous voudrions effectuer une description ici mais le site que vous consultez ne nous en laisse pas la possibilité.Michael Trevino was 24 when he was cast as Tyler Lockwood, a roughly 16 or 17-year-old high school student. Michael Trevino on the first season of "The Vampire Diaries" and in 2016. The CW and VCG via Getty Images. Tyler is a werewolf but still ages for much of the show's run. Trevino was 32 when the show ended.The Vampire Diaries By Kari Croop, Common Sense Media Reviewer age 15+ Blood, violence are the real draw in angsty vampire drama. TV CW Drama 2009 Add your rating Parents Say: age 13+ 127 reviews Any Iffy Content? Read more Talk with Your Kids About… Read more A Lot or a Little? What you will—and won't—find in this TV show. Positive MessagesThe Vampire Diaries follows the life of Elena Gilbert, who falls in love with a centuries old vampire named Stefan Salvatore and his brother Damon Salvatore, also a vampire. This draws Elena and her friends into the supernatural world of Mystic Falls. The Originals is The Vampire Diaries's first spin-off, and centers on Niklaus Mikaelson and ...

J'ai immédiatement contacté DIGITAL RECOVERY. Après quelques jours de travail acharné, le problème a été résolu." Après quelques jours de travail acharné, le problème a été résolu." D-Link Isaque RodriguesPublicité. Digital Media Recovery est une application vous permettant de récupérer vos fichiers multimédia photo, vidéo et son en toute simplicité. Ainsi, vos fichiers endommagés ...Digital Recovery a récupéré les 32 millions de fichiers du client, le laissant extrêmement satisfait." Dell Computers Clever Diniz Ingénieur en PlanificationDigital Image Recovery Software gratuit pour PC Télécharger pour Windows (1,5 Mo) Votre évaluation 3 votes 4,3 / 5 Éditeur File Recovery Utilities Version 3 Licence Shareware Langue en Fiches..."We referred DIGITAL RECOVERY in a special case (data loss) in a storage RAID 5. Digital Recovery recovered 32 million files and the customer was extremely satisfied."Recoverit Data Recovery Télécharger | Win Télécharger | Mac Récupérez 96% de vos fichiers perdus et supprimés en seulement 3 étapes simples en utilisant Recoverit Data Recovery. Il s'agit du logiciel gratuit le plus utilisé pour récupérer des documents, des photos, des vidéos, des graphiques et des fichiers audio.Easily recover damaged and deleted data from memory cards, flash USB drives, digital cameras, camcorders and more on any PC. Try It Free Try It Free. * Free version of the program only scans and previews recoverable objects. * By clicking the Download button above you are installing Stellar Photo Recovery (12.1MB – Win; 16.6MB – Mac)

Because wells are not always drilled vertically, there may be two "depths" for every given point in a wellbore: the measured depth (MD) measured along the path of the borehole, and the true vertical depth (TVD), the vertical distance between the datum and the point of interest.1. n. [Drilling] The vertical distance from a point in the well (usually the current or final depth) to a point at the surface, usually the elevation of the rotary kelly bushing (RKB). This is one of two primary depth measurements used by the drillers, the other being measured depth.Typically, the maximum inclination is reduced to zero at Dt with drop radius R1, derived in the same manner as the build radius, R. KBTVD BG: Distance from the surface location to the KOP; KBTVD AG: True vertical Depth of well (KBTVD); B-D: Distance from KOP to the bottom of the hole (MD);INFLUX HEIGHT FRACTURE MUD WEIGHT/GRADIENT/PRESSURE FORMULAS GAS KICK ASSOCIATED FORMULAS DRILLING MUD-ASSOCIATED CALCULATIONS IN WELL CONTROL WELL CONTROL EQUIPMENT RELATED FORMULAS HYDROSTATIC PRESSURE (all depths TVD): Constants: PPG x FT x .052 = PSI, SG x FT x .433 = PSI, SG x MT x 1.42 = PSI, PPG x MT x .171 = PSI, SG x MT x .098 = BARS,Total variation diminishing. In numerical methods, total variation diminishing (TVD) is a property of certain discretization schemes used to solve hyperbolic partial differential equations. The most notable application of this method is in computational fluid dynamics. The concept of TVD was introduced by Ami Harten.Where: MAASP = Maximum allowable annular surface pressure (psi) MW = Mud weight in hole (SG) Pleak = Leak-off pressure at the open hole weak point (psi) SF = Safety factor (psi) TVDwp = Vertical depth at the open hole weak point (m) Or the TVD in feet and the coefficient is 0.433.https://doi.org/10.1016/j.oceaneng.2023.116070. The performance accuracy of FUNWAVE-TVD model in modeling harbor oscillations induced by solitary waves is evaluated. The optimal values of inherent parameters of the wave model for simulation accuracy and numerical stability are investigated.Semi-discrete steady-state TVD schemes. This section provides a brief review of various SS-TVD schemes designed for the steady-state solution of the 1D advection equation: (29) q t = − ( a q) x where q denotes the dependent variable and a is the advection velocity.Total variation diminishing (TVD) advection schemes are widely used in ocean modelling. Due to the constraints of flux limiters, TVD schemes with common single flux limiters of second-order or third-order accuracy exhibit defects associated with numerical compression or diffusion.Download scientific diagram | Envelope of maximum computed wave elevation with FUNWAVE-TVD in spherical (2') Pacific grid for the UA co-seismic source : (upper panel) difference between maximum ...

schemes ensures reduced smearing without impairing convergence property. TVD schemes develop formulae for interpolation of a cell-face value of the transported variable. If the interpolated value is bounded by the neighbouring nodal values then the scheme is ‘Bounded’. However, not all TVD schemes possess this property of ‘Boundedness’. Thethis paper we propose some natural limitations on the interpolated values between two mesh points and we establish in the third part su cient conditions that prove that the resulting scheme is TVD.A TVD scheme with alternating compressive and diffusive limiters (TVDal) is proposed for modeling the advection process. • Numerical errors can be reduced by approximately 60% based on benchmark tests using TVDal. • TVDal combining with splitting methods is used to model multiple dimensional advection.In this study, a one-dimensional TVD scheme was applied to the unstructured mesh. Far upwind cell needed in the TVD formulation was replaced with auxiliary cells. The auxiliary’s cell is defined in such a way that it also acts as a spatial correction for mesh skewness.A numerical scheme is presented for accurate simulation of fluid flow using the lattice Boltzmann equation (LBE) on unstructured mesh. A finite volume approach is adopted to discretize the LBE on a cell-centered, arbitrary shaped, triangular tessellation.Higher-order TVD interpolation in multi-dimension is developed. The major advantage of MHTVD (Multi-dimensional Higher-order TVD) is the com-plete multi-dimensional monotonic characteristics and it is possible to be more than 3rd order spatial accuracy. In addition, MHTVD shows good con-vergence characteristics and is computationally eﬃcient ...This article discusses adjusting inverse distance interpolation for use in unstructured mesh finite volume solutions. The adjustment was made on the weight function of the inverse distance ...Present a numerical technique that is based on IMM coupled with TVD scheme to solve the incompressible Navier–Stokes equations with heat transfer. Show that this TVD–IMM algorithm gives a very good results even at high Rayleigh numbers.Abstract. We describe the development of a block-structured, equal-CPU-load (central processing unit), multi-grid-nesting interface for the Boussinesq wave model FUNWAVE-TVD (Fully Nonlinear Boussinesq Wave Model with Total Variation Diminishing Solver). The new model framework does not interfere with the core solver, and thus the ...The interpolated primitive variables on cell boundaries are determined by using the third-order MUSCL method. The solution of the fluid flow is advanced in time by using the second-order TVD Runge–Kutta scheme. The proposed coupling method updates the burning surface and grid classification once when the movement distance is ...

We use a new approach to upscale root biomass of trees at the global scale (Supplement, Fig. S1) based on machine learning algorithms trained by a large dataset of in situ measurements (n=10 307) of root and shoot biomass for individual woody plants (see Methods, “Field measurements”; Supplement), covering 465 species across 10 ...A key indicator named root/shoot ratio (RSR) was established, and 7763 observational data-sets were collected from literature, including root biomass, shoot biomass, plant height, climate information and the geographical coordinates. Results highlighted the differences in RSR across terrestrial plants in biomes with a mean value of ...In this study, visual scores for root biomass were highly correlated with dry root biomass (r = 0.83), demonstrating that root biomass of young plants can be estimated in a non-destructive manner. Notably, visual root biomass scores were a reflection of the overall size of the root system at a specific point in time. Several ...Nature Ecology & Evolution - The fraction of plant biomass in aboveground versus root tissues has implications for carbon storage and dynamics. Here the authors collate a dataset on root-mass...Root biomass [g microcosm −1] (a), bacterial biomass [nmol g −1 soil dry weight] (b), fungal biomass [nmol g −1 soil dry weight] (c), ratio between fungal and bacterial biomass (d), root ...The average lnRR of plant biomass to drought treatments was −0.098 for roots and −0.277 for shoots, corresponding to a 11.27 % and 17.04 % decrease in biomass, respectively. This indicates a drought-driven decrease in both root and shoot biomass, and a stronger negative response of shoots ( t -test, P < 0.001).Only a few studies use field-scale crop models coupled with a root architectural model. Mboh et al. (2018) analyzed the impact of improved RLD simulations due to coupling of a field scale model with a 3D root model on above-ground biomass (AGB) and yield of drought-stressed spring wheat in Germany.Dry weight biomass of sampled trees was estimated with different component: (1) stem wood; (2) stem bark; (3) sawdust; (4) stem (1+2+3); (5) large branches; (6) small branches and foliage; (7) crown (5+6); (8) aboveground biomass (4+7); (9) rootball; (10) medium roots; (11) belowground biomass (9+10); and (12) whole tree (8+11).Our objective was to test these two alternative hypotheses across a water availability gradient. We quantified the stem and root biomass in a seasonally dry tropical forest (SDTF) in three regions of the Yucatán peninsula along a precipitation gradient. Reduced major axis analysis showed that the slopes of the relationship between ...Endophyte symbiosis increased the total yield, while glyphosate-based herbicide residues in the soil decreased the root biomass, which indicates a reduction of soil bound carbon sequestration....

Plant diversity significantly increased shoot biomass, root biomass, the amount of root exudates, bacterial biomass, and fungal biomass. Fungal biomass increased most with increasing...Fine-root biomass estimates from soil cores and soil pits are closely related. • (Mini) rhizotrons may be preferred to estimate fine-root production. • Ingrowth-core should be used with caution in sites with seasonal fluctuations. • Multiple methods are recommended for estimating fine and coarse root production. Keywords Carbon allocationIn the field, retrieval of all roots is even more of a challenge ( Robinson, 2004 ). Typically, the root biomass of individual plants is estimated by taking a soil core of a relatively small area around a plant to a particular and often limited depth (often 1 or 2 m).Here we combine 10 307 field measurements of forest root biomass worldwide with global observations of forest structure, climatic conditions, topography, land management and soil characteristics to derive a spatially explicit global high-resolution ( ∼ 1 km) root biomass dataset, including fine and coarse roots.Fresh root biomass, however, was remarkably (P < 0.05) decreased by 59% for W7 but unchanged for NP, compared with the control (0% biochar). With the NBC treatment at 0.05% dosage, rice shoot biomass was increased by 55% for W7 and by 15% for NP, while fresh root biomass was unchanged for W7 but decreased by 22% for NP. With WBC at 0 ...Fresh leaf biomass (A), fresh roots biomass (B), dry leaf weight (C), dry root weight (D) per pot and root: shoot ratio, obtained after first harvest, in response to different combinations of ...We found that the addition of fresh root-derived carbon caused positive priming of native soil organic carbon in new topsoils (109 ± 27% additional respiration compared with controls without...Effect of combined application of TU and BC on (A) root dry biomass, (B) root fresh biomass, and (C) total root length grown under Cd contamination. Values are averages ± SD ( n = 3). Different statistical letters represent significant differences in values between treatments ( p < 0.05).Overall, the findings indicate that root-derived resources are predominantly incorporated into soil animal food webs via mesofauna taxa affecting both their abundance and biomass, whereas community composition and trophic niches of soil animals generally are not or only little affected by root-derived resources. The fact that ...Relationship of forest biomass allocation to stand characteristics and environmental factors. The PCA demonstrated that 75.5%, 16.6% and 7.9% of variation in leaf, stem and root biomass in all ...

Cation-exchange capacity (CEC) is a measure of how many cations can be retained on soil particle surfaces by negative charges. It affects soil fertility, availability of nutrients and pollutants, and pH. Learn about the definition, measurement, factors and examples of CEC in soils.Cation Exchange Capacity. Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is one of the most important concepts in soil fertility, and it is an important way to measure how many cations can be retained on soil particle surfaces (Brady and Weil, 2011). From: Advances in Agronomy, 2021. Related terms: Soil Properties; Biochar; Soil Organic Matter; Water Holding ...Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is the total capacity of a soil to hold exchangeable cations, such as calcium, magnesium, sodium and potassium. It influences the soil’s ability to hold onto essential nutrients and provides a buffer against acidification. Learn how to measure CEC, its units, management implications and how it varies with soil type, pH and organic matter.Learn how the CEC of a soil represents the total amount of exchangeable cations that the soil can adsorb and how it is influenced by clay minerals, organic matter, and pH. Find out the CEC values of different soil management groups in New York and the sources of the data.Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is an indicator of biochar surface area chemical properties and surface functionality. The CEC value increases with the oxidation of carbon in the aromatic structure and the formation of carboxyl ( Liang et al., 2006 ).The cation exchange capacity (CEC, eq/kg) reveals the molar charge of exchangeable ions, which is of importance for the swelling characteristics of the bentonite. The CEC is relatively easy to determine with high accuracy by use of, e.g., the Cu-trien method described by Meier and Kahr (1999) .Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is a measure of the total negative charges within the soil that adsorb plant nutrient cations such as calcium (Ca 2+), magnesium (Mg 2+) and potassium (K +). As such, the CEC is a property of a soil that describes its capacity to supply nutrient cations to the soil solution for plant uptake. Figure 1 ...Cation-exchange capacity (CEC) is the maximum quantity of total cations that a soil is capable of holding, at a given pH value, available for exchange with the soil solution. CEC is used as a measure of fertility, nutrient retention capacity, and the capacity to protect groundwater from cation contamination.Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is a measure of the soil’s ability to hold positively charged ions. It is a very important soil property influencing soil structure stability, nutrient availability, soil pH and the soil’s reaction to fertilizers and other ameliorants.Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is a routinely measured soil fertility indicator. The standard NH 4 OAc (pH 7) extraction procedure is time-consuming and overestimates actual CEC values of variable charge soils.

Exchangeable Calcium. 4,16 Exchangeable Ca—present in the soil in large quantities—is in equilibrium with soil solution Ca, and reported concentrations of Ca in the soil solutions are up to about 20 mM. From: Plant Macronutrient Use Efficiency, 2017. Related terms: Biochar; Maize; Liming; Tissues; Soil Solution; Subsoil; Cation Exchange ...In this review, we discuss the role of the bone exchangeable calcium pool (ECP) in the acute regulation of the serum calcium concentration (Ca (s)) in health and CKD. This pool is able to buffer an acute calcium load as well as to maintain a stable Ca (s) during acute calcium deprivation.While disturbances of phosphate homeostasis are considered to be one of the primary factors responsible for vascular calcification in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD), evidence suggests that administration of excessive calcium (either via administration of calcium-containing phosphate binders or via a dialysate with a high calcium conc...Exchangeable Ca2+ content and soil aggregate stability control the soil organic carbon content in degraded Horqin grassland - ScienceDirect Ecological Indicators Volume 134, January 2022, 108507 Exchangeable Ca2+ content and soil aggregate stability control the soil organic carbon content in degraded Horqin grassland , , , , Xuechen, Wang, ,Cation exchange capacity (CEC) is a fundamental property of clays and soils. Determination of CEC for samples that contain Ca-carbonate minerals, such as calcite and dolomite, is problematic because Ca 2+ released by dissolution of carbonates during CEC determinations interferes with the accuracy of CEC values.Calcium (Ca) can contribute to soil organic carbon (SOC) persistence by mediating physico-chemical interactions between organic compounds and minerals. Yet, Ca is also crucial for microbial...Understanding the spatial distribution of exchangeable calcium (Exch. Ca) and magnesium (Exch. Mg) at field level is a fundamental component in managing fertilizer application for sugarcane farming. This information can potentially be created by digital soil mapping (DSM) protocols; using a mathematical model to couple soil and ...The plant-available pools of calcium, magnesium and potassium are assumed to be stored in the soil as exchangeable cations adsorbed on the cation exchange complex. In numerous forest...The exchangeable calcium fraction of sludge was quantified to be 0.7 (±0.1) meq/g MLVSS. The enmeshed calcium solids fraction amounts to 40 meq/g MLVSS. Sludge settleability is interpreted in terms of both calcium pools.The aims of this study were to investigate the links between potassium (K) uptake by crops and soil K, exchangeable calcium (Ca2+), magnesium (Mg2+), and a The links between potassium availability and soil exchangeable calcium, magnesium, and aluminum are mediated by lime in acidic soil | SpringerLink

Almost all body potassium is intracellular; there is virtually none in adipocytes and potassium in the skeleton and red blood cells is not readily exchangeable, so exchangeable potassium measured using dilution of 42 K is a measure of fat-free mass. By monitoring both total body nitrogen and potassium, it can be shown that nitrogen losses in ...Potassium échangeable: Quantité de potassium ionisé, adsorbé par les colloïdes du sol et pouvant être déplacé par les ions des exsudats radiculaires (ou les ions d'une solution mise en contact avec le sol), de manière à être utilisable par les plantes.Summary. This method is semi-quantitative and determines the amount of soil exchangeable K, Ca, Mg, and Na residing on the soil colloid exchange sites by displacement with ammonium acetate solution buffered to pH 7.0. Cations are quantitated by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry (ICP-AES).Summary details of total K / exchangeable K ratios for the five cane-growing regions of northeastern Australia are provided, together with soil K data to 800–900 mm in selected soils from the Fijian Islands. There is need to seriously consider additions of plant-available K when levels of exchangeable K are at or below accepted ...Of the total amount of potassium present, only some is said to be ‘exchangeable’, as measured by the method of isotopic dilution using the short-lived isotope potassium-42.Exchangeable potassium prediction models in a growing data regime. The learning curves and model performance of both PLSR and CNN models for the prediction of exchangeable potassium (log 10 (K ex )), with increasing number of training examples and using all Soil Taxonomy Orders, are shown in Fig. 3.The linear regressions observed for soil content of exchangeable K according to soil RR and RF, respectively, were exceptionally significant in the same manner characterizing the relation between soil-exchangeable K and water-soluble K in kaolinitic and mixed mineralogy soils Sharpley (Citation 1989).Summary. Methods of determining exchangeable K + of soil by mixing extracting solutions and analysing the soil suspension with ion-selective electrodes were developed and evaluated on 30 samples of soils. From preliminary comparisons of the K + extracted by BaCl 2 and NH 4 OAc solutions and by batch and leaching treatments of soils ...The study was conductedto determine the forms of potassium in soils (water soluble K, exchangeable K, available K, non-exchangeable K, lattice K, total K) in some of Homs soils using standard...Accéder à la fiche en anglais : exchangeable potassium Définition: Potassium adsorbé par le complexe d'adsorption du sol et qui est facilement remplaçable par les cations d'une solution d'un sel neutre ne contenant pas de potassium. Terme: potassium échangeable n. m. Traductions. anglais Auteur : Ministère de l'agriculture du Canada, 1976 Terme: exchangeable potassium; Partager cette ...

Exchangeable Magnesium. The median exchangeable Mg level was 0.09cmolc/dm3(ranging from 0.00 to 2.02 cmolc/dm3). From: Advances in Agronomy, 2016. Related terms: Crop Residue; Fir; Oxisol; Vertisol; Cation Exchange Capacity; Exchangeable Calcium; Exchangeable Sodium; Limes; Saturated Hydraulic Conductivity; SmectiteStatut : Validé. Magnésium échangeable est un (e) paramètre chimique du groupe de classe Metaux et métalloïdes [44] Quantité de magnésium ionisé, adsorbé par les colloïdes du sol et pouvant être déplacé par les ions des exsudats radiculaires (ou les ions d'une solution mise en contact avec le sol), de manière à être utilisable ...Titre Dosage du Magnesium échangeable. "Public Université de Besançon - Fascicule de Botanique No.3 - 1966. Pages/ref: (7-9) t . Résumé: L'auteur présente deux méthodes en flux continu pour le dosage du magnesium: 1- Une méthode col or i.mé t r i'que utilisant le Jaune de titane à 550 nID qui permet le dosage de 1 à 5 meq/IOO gr de MgAbout 60% of the magnesium is present in bone, of which 30% is exchangeable and functions as a reservoir to stabilize the serum concentration. About 20% is found in skeletal muscle, 19% in other soft tissues and less than 1% in the extracellular fluid. Intracellular magnesium is maintained within narrow concentration limits except in ...La proportion par canton d’analyses du magnésium échangeable indiquant une carence possible en cet élément pour une culture peu exigeante. Il existe une assez forte disparité régionale dans la distribution des sols pour lesquels les besoins en magnésium d’une culture peu exigeante risquent de ne pas être satisfaits.Mg fertilizer use efficiency in tea plant varied from 6.08 to 29.56 %, and the effect of Mg application on tea quality improvement and the use efficiency of Mg fertilizer both negatively correlated with total Mg concentration ( r = −0.94 and −0.63, respectively) and nitrogen (N) level ( r = −0.61 and −0.51, respectively) in soils prior to tea pl...Exchangeable Mg at pH <6.0 becomes non-exchangeable when soil pH becomes higher than 6.5 (Chan et al., 1979; Hailes et al., 1997). Mg is subjected to leaching in acidic soils, and H + , Al 3+ , and Mn 2+ in rhizosphere may interfere with Mg uptake, thus hampering crop yield ( Metson, 1974 ; Mayland and Wilkinson, 1989 ).Soil pH directly influences the liberation of Magnesium from clay minerals at the same time equally on Mg uptake in plants. Chan et al. [ 13] and Hailes et al. [ 14] revealed that Mg is exchangeable at a soil pH below 6.0, and non-exchangeable when soil pH is elevated above 6.5.The kinetically determined exchangeable pool masses have been used for other minerals, such as zinc and selenium, as markers of whole-body mineral status. To evaluate the validity of this relationship for Mg, we measured the exchangeable pools of Mg in rats over a range of magnesium dietary intakes. Rats weighing approximately 170 g were fed a ...By the Marshall method of calculation, the number of atoms in the octahedral layer in excess of 4.00, when all the magnesium is assigned to the octahedral layer, permits an estimation of the amount of exchangeable magnesium present and, from this, an estimation of the cation-exchange capacity of the sample.

Exchangeable sodium percentage is worldwide considered to be probably the most important soil factor affecting dispersion in soils and, consequently, soil crusting. It has also in several South African studies been found to be one of the most dominant factors in soil crusting.fonction du Sodium. Adsorption. Ratio : (5) S.A.R. = 31.62 x [Na+]/v[Ca2+] Dans (5), les concentrations sont exprimées en moles/litre. En les exprimant en millimoles/l, l'expression prend la forme classique S.A. R.= [Na+]/V[Ca2+] On définit par ailleurs le Exchangeable.Sodium.Ratio On obtient alors ( 6 ) E S..R. = ENaECa ;: (7) Kg E. S.R. x S ...Le pourcentage de sodium échangeable (PST) est le pourcentage de Na+ par rapport à la capacité totale d’échange cationique est obtenu par la formule : PST = (Na+/potentiel CTC) *100. Comment résoudre la salinisation des sols ?Bone sodium is either exchangeable with infused isotopes or nonexchangeable. The specif- ic percentage of sodium in each of the various types of connective tissue (cartilage, tendons, and...It is well known that the total exchangeable sodium (Na e), total exchangeable potassium (K e) and total body water (TBW) are the major determinants of the plasma water sodium concentration ([Na +] pw) .is exchangeable sodium, K+ e exchangeable potassium, and H 2 0 water. This equation has an intercept (−25.6); the regression line relating plasma sodium From the University of Rochester SchoolThe best indicator of soil sodicity is the exchangeable sodium percentage (ESP). The ESP is usually defined as the ratio of exchangeable sodium (Exch Na) to the cation exchange capacity of the soil (CEC), both expressed in (cmolc kg −1) ( Richards, 1954 ). ESP = ExchNa CEC ∗ 100.There are: organic carbon, hydrogen, exchangeable potassium, exchangeable sodium and humus. Our results also showed that areas invaded by C. odorata consume exchangeable potassium as they increase ...Estimation of exchangeable sodium percentage from sodium adsorption ratio of salt-affected soils using traditional and dilution extracts, saturation percentage, electrical conductivity, and generalized regression neural networks - ScienceDirect Abstract Introduction Section snippets References (51) Cited by (15) Recommended articles (6) CATENAvalorisation. Sodium échangeable est un (e) paramètre chimique du groupe de classe Metaux et métalloïdes [44] Date de création du paramètre. 06/06/2008. Date de la dernière mise-à-jour du paramètre. 10/05/2017. Nom du paramètre. Sodium échangeable.

The SPAD-502 meter is a hand-held device that is widely used for the rapid, accurate and non-destructive measurement of leaf chlorophyll concentrations. It has been employed extensively in both research and agricultural applications, with a range of different plant species.Chlorophyll Meter SPAD-502Plus: Measurement subject: Crop leaves: Measurement method: Optical density difference at 2 wavelengths: Measurement area: 2 mm × 3 mm: Subject thickness: 1.2 mm maximum: Subject insertion depth: 12 mm (with stopper having position adjustable from 0 to 6 mm) Light source: 2 LED elements: Receptor: 1 SPD (silicon ...A lightweight handheld meter for measuring the chlorophyll content of leaves without causing damage to plants. The SPAD-502Plus is a compact meter designed to help users improve crop quality and increase crop yield by providing an indication of the amount of chlorophyll present in plant leaves.Our main objectives were to examine the relationships between DN and SPAD values, to map the chlorophyll distribution of leaves using a flatbed color scanner, and to identify a measurement method capable of detecting the most reliable SPAD values in rice.SPAD readings are calculated based on two transmission values: the transmission of red light at 650 nm, which is absorbed by chlorophyll and the transmission of infrared light at 940 nm, at which...2 mm×3 mm 1.2 mm maximum. 12 mm (with stopper having position adjustable from 0 to 6 mm) 2 LED elements. SPD (silicon photodiode) LCD panel showing 4-digit measurement value (values shown to first decimal place) and 2-digit number of measurements; Trend graph of values in memory can also be shown.Abstract. The SPAD-502 meter is a hand-held device that is widely used for the rapid, accurate and non-destructive measurement of leaf chlorophyll concentrations. It has been employed extensively in both research and agricultural applications, with a range of different plant species.In general, hand-held chlorophyll meters measure absorbance by the leaf of two different wavelengths in the spectral domain of red and near-infrared. As an output, they calculate index-values (e.g. SPAD- value, CCI-value) that specify leaf chlorophyll content.SPAD measurements. SPAD values of the four fully expanded uppermost leaves were determined at the TI, PI, and HD growth stages. The first, second, third, and fourth fully expanded leaves from the top of the plant were designated as LFT1–4, respectively. SPAD readings were taken at three locations: (a) 1/3 of the distance from the ...In this study, the SPAD value was predicted by calculating the spectral fractal dimension index (SFDI) from a hyperspectral curve (420 to 950 nm). The correlation between the SPAD value and hyperspectral information was further analyzed for determining the sensitive bands that correspond to different disease levels.

La densité de plantation permet de connaitre combien de vivaces, arbres et arbustes installer dans un massif pour un développement harmonieux, sans qu’ils ne se gênent entre eux. On l’exprime de la façon suivante : x plantes / m². Cela nous renseigne également sur les distances de plantation adéquates, afin de laisser l ...Density (mean ± standard error per m²) of live stems for woody plants recruiting post-fire. Data are for the four subgroups All woody species, All Acacia species, and the single species A....Poaceae species showed fast growth. They reached their maximum height in 2-3 months (Figure 3). Phragmites australis had the highest density, over 350 stems/m² after 3 months (Figure 2).Change over time of stand basal area (m²/ha), stem numbers (per ha) and volume harvested (m³/ha/year) based on inventory data (black) and simulated by ForClim using the GEN (blue) and SSR...In the 2002–2007 measurement cycle, the number of live stems measured in the circular plots with DBH ≥ 60 cm was 2,989. This increased by 120–3,109 stems in the 2009–2014 measurement cycle. In contrast, the number of live stems in the square plots decreased slightly from 1,010 to 986 stems. For standing-dead stems, the number ...(a) Number of stems per square meter, n; (b) the mean stem diameter, d; (c) the frontal area of the canopy, a; and (d) the volume fraction occupied by the vegetation, ϕ. The red line is the total ...5.5 Stand Growth and Development over Time. In addition to providing a snapshot of current stand conditions, stand exams can also provide clues to stand development over time if conducted periodically on the same site. Tree density, species composition, crown class distinctions and live crown ratios are all interwoven, and their relationships ...The model and the data were used to determine (1) twig biomass allocation patterns, and (2) how leaf biomass scales with respect to stem diameter and length at the twig level along a steep (2158 m) elevational gradient.Considering the mean values of the stems studied, the first four modal periods were assessed using a modal analysis. For a stem 81 mm in diameter, weighing 15 kg, and 2.75 m in high, with a Young modulus of 14000 MPa, they equal t f 1 = 0.25, t f 2 = 0.028 and t f 3 = 0.012 s.Stem, in botany, the plant axis that bears buds and shoots with leaves and, at its basal end, roots. The stem conducts water, minerals, and food to other parts of the plant and may also store food or be photosynthetic itself. Learn more about the importance, types, and functions of plant stems.

... number of dead stems ranged from 19 to 50 stems ha -1 (38 ± 4; Table 2). One hundred percent recruited stems belonged to DBH class of ≤35 cm, while 88% of dead stems belonged to...Download scientific diagram | Comparison of estimated standing dead stems density (a), basal area (b), and above-ground biomass (c) (equation 2 of Ketterings et al. 2001) in the six southerly plot ...This procedure helped to stratify the disturbance losses on small living regrowth, which would only make up for < 1% if the dead adult-sized stem was to be counted in; by calculating lost biomass for the dead stem independently, it was possible to split up the total of 100% of living regrowth biomass to several disturbance agents ...Number of stems ≥ 60 cm diameter at breast height (DBH) within each subplot of the 20 × 20 m square plot summed across the entire network for the second inventory, showing: (a) live plus dead stems ≥ 60 cm DBH; (b) live stems ≥ 60 cm DBH; (c) dead stems ≥ 60 cm DBHStem Mortality and Forest Dieback in a 20-Years Experimental Drought in a Mediterranean Holm Oak Forest Romà Ogaya 1,2* Daijun Liu 1,2,3 Adrià Barbeta 4 Josep Peñuelas 1,2 1 Ecological and Forestry Applications Research Center (CREAF), Barcelona, SpainDownload scientific diagram | Density (mean ± standard error per m²) of live stems for woody plants recruiting post-fire. Data are for the four subgroups All woody species, All Acacia species...The number of dead trees per 20 × 20 m subplot ranged from 6 to 147 stems, and there was an average of 41 ± 1 (standard error) stems per plot. The mortality rates ranged from 1.7% to 12.3% per year between the two censuses (2005–2010). The average exponential mortality coefficient was 8.0% per year, and the coefficient values ...Dead stems larger than 5 cm were measured and classified as: a) found on live or dead trees, and b) standing (“snags”) or lying (“downlogs”) on the ground. The number of recorded species per plot declined from 73 to 44 species as water availability decreased. A decline in estimated total richness, and in Shannon-Wiener and Simpson ...The Scaling of Stem Architecture With Leaf Number, and Stem and Leaf Biomass. The scaling exponents of M S vs. D were statistically indistinguishable among the three forest communities (see Table 2 and Supplementary Figure 1C), with a common slope of α = 1.88 (95% CI = 1.59 – 2.24, P = 0.69).View publication. Copy reference

stalks: fibres from the straws of cultivated plants like wheat, oat, maize, barley or rape; • canes, grasses and reeds: for instance, the stalks of bamboo or sugar cane; • leaf fibres: fibres from the leaf ribs of sisal, pineapple, banana; • bast fibres: fibres from the inner barks of the stalks like flax, hemp, jute and kenaf; •Fibers, which are obtained from the straws of plants that are cultivated usually, refer to as stalk fibers. These include rice, wheat, oat, maize, barley and other crops including bamboo and tree wood. Rice had a production of about 720 millions tons in 2012 and is most widely grown crops. Rice protein is favorable for consumption by ...Fibres from nine locations of the sugar cane plant were separated and characterised. The components arising from the stalk show clear trends in their properties. Rind fibres show enhanced properties such as crystallinity and thermal stability. Fibres show enhanced properties compared with the fines from the same location. This work ...Stalk fibers are mainly sourced from straws of different kinds of crops, including corn, barley, bagasse, wheat, sorghum, and rice (Ramesh et al. 2017 ). Corn is an important worldwide agricultural crop, especially in northeast and northern China, such as in Jilin province.The properties of corn stalk fibres, such as the crystallinity, structures, morphology and defects, have great impacts if the fibres are reinforce by polymer matrix. Depending on the source and preparation methods, the chemical constituents of corn stalk lignocellulosic bio-fibres may vary.Corn (Zea mays L.) waste fibres are lignocellulosic fibres that constituted of corn cob, corn husk, corn stalk and corn stover which are often discarded. Physico-chemical properties of the lignocellulosic fibres from different sources are compared. Studies on lignocellulosic fibre reinforced bioplastic composites and state-of-the-art ...The optimal process for the preparation of corn stalk fibers comprises initially separating the rind of corn stalks from the pith, and then crushing the corn stalk rind and comminuting it for 3.5 min. Next, the corn stalk fibers are immersed in a sodium hydroxide solution with a concentration of 0.5% and reacted at 80 °C for 30 min ...Sorghum stalks and fibres were found to have comparable tensile strength to fibres currently used for brick production, and the methods used to prepare stalks were not found to adversely affect their strengths. Consequently, this research has shown that fibres produced from local agricultural wastes have potential for use in low-cost ...The FTIR spectroscopy of the corn stalk fibers showed that there is a slight difference in chemical structures of the FTIR spectra for the raw and treated corn stalks fibers . The broad band absorbance peak of corn stalk fibers observed around 3400 cm −1 corresponds to the O–H stretching.Cotton stalks consist of an outer bark (20 % by weight of the stalk) and inner pith. The outer bark is fibrous and could be utilized as a source for fibers similar to the bast fibers produced from jute or flax plants. Treating the outer bark of cotton stalks with 2 N NaOH at boil for 1 h resulted in fibers with fineness of about 50 ...

Last Updated: 09 Sep 2023. PDF | The analysis of the quality indexes of sugarcane juice plays a vital role in the process of refining sugarcane, breeding, cultivation, and... | Find, read and cite ...Polarization (Pol.) of cane%, Purity of cane%, Reducing sugars of cane juice % and pH of cane. and quality parameters for raw sugar which include Determination of Physiochemical parameters of raw Sugar samples collected from Sudanese Sugar Industries at season 2017: which include colour, Mean Apparatus (M.A), Coefficient of Variation (C.V %), Dust %, Pol %, Purity %, Moisture % and Ash %. and ...Juice purity is described as the relative proportion of sucrose to non-sugars present in the sugarcane (Xiao et al., 2017). Moderate water stress at the maturation phase has positive effects on ...Sugarcane juice purity reflects the potential of the juice to produce sugar. In the present study, the organomineral fertilizer (sewage sludge or filter cake) treatments yielded results similar to that of the mineral fertilizer, and were all above 85% at both harvests.In this study, the technique has been successfully used to explore the stability of untreated stem juice of stems of T. cordifolia stored at 0 °C. The reported medicinally important compounds i.e. jatrorrhizine, mangoflorine, manisperine, columbamine, berberine and tinosporoside were identified using standard mass spectra from ...7% increase in juice purity compared with the control samples Brodie et al., (2011) Spraying of chemicals on harvested cane • A solution containing potassium permanganate (0.1% or 5 ppm)Juice quality attributes, viz. °Brix, sucrose percent juice, juice purity, juice extraction, CCS percent juice, S/R ratio and SPS activity, were higher in silica-treated plants relative to control. CCS increase was recorded about 15.2–31.8 % over control with highest increase (31.8 %) in T4 treatment. Soluble silica content was ...A gradual decrease in cane weight, % juice extraction, sucrose (% juice), purity (% juice) and pH with simultaneous increase in TSS%, titrable acidity, dextran, reducing sugars and activities of acid and neutral invertases was found in juice during 12 days of cane storage in all genotypes under all environmental conditions ...Results in Table 3 show, nonetheless, that clean stalks produced on average the highest purity juice (85.9%) and the highest fermentable sugars per dry weight (43.4% DM), as expected. Brix for clean stalks was 11.4 compared to 12.1 for 0 rpm, and 10.9 for 800 and 1100 rpm. Total sugars at 0 rpm were 35.9% DM compared to 38.3% DM at ...Purity is the percentage of sucrose present in the total solids content in the juice, and it was computed with the formula i.e., purity percentage = (Sucrose %/Juice °Brix) × 100. The data were analyzed according to the Fisher’s method of analysis of variance (ANOVA) (Gomez and Gomez 1984). Least significant difference (LSD ...

De très nombreux exemples de phrases traduites contenant "of the number of stems" – Dictionnaire français-anglais et moteur de recherche de traductions françaises.Traductions en contexte de "number of stems" en anglais-français avec Reverso Context : Rhizome cuttings will augment the number of stems available for transplantation. Traduction Context Correcteur Synonymes ConjugaisonIn most plants, stems are located above the soil surface, but some plants have underground stems. Stems have several main functions: Support for and the elevation of leaves, flowers, and fruits. The stems keep the leaves in the light and provide a place for the plant to keep its flowers and fruits.Stem, in botany, the plant axis that bears buds and shoots with leaves and, at its basal end, roots. The stem conducts water, minerals, and food to other parts of the plant and may also store food or be photosynthetic itself. Learn more about the importance, types, and functions of plant stems.This indicator measures new tertiary graduates in science, technology, engineering (including ICT fields), and mathematics (STEM) as a share of all new graduates. It reflects a country’s human capital in some of the key fields of study that are needed to thrive in the digital age.Research shows that the dominant types are rope bamboo rope and green bamboo. The number of clumps found was between 600 and 1,600 per hectare. The average number of stems is 1,231 stems per ha. The most number clump bamboo ranges from 20 – 30 unit/ha; the most length bamboo section is between 25 – 30 cm.Stems. Stems are a part of the shoot system of a plant. They may range in length from a few millimeters to hundreds of meters. They also vary in diameter, depending on the plant type. Stems are usually above ground, although the stems of some plants, such as the potato, also grow underground. Stems may be herbaceous (soft) or woody in nature ...The stem has three simple cell types: the parenchyma, collenchyma, and sclerenchyma cells that are responsible for metabolic functions, repairing and healing wounds, and storing starch. The stem is composed of three tissue systems that include the epidermis, vascular, and ground tissues, all of which are made from the simple cell types..The stem number was not recorded on the sample plots, but assuming an average stem number equal to that of the experimental plots of 4197 ha −1 (Table 1), the sampling rate was only 4%. Thus, the estimated ground-truth mean height of dominant trees on the sample plots were subject to a significantly higher sampling error, which ...The average number of stems and AGC removals by driver ranged from 0.006 to 16.587 stems ha −1 year −1 and 0.0–1.273 tCha −1 year −1 respectively. Furthermore, charcoal, shifting cultivation and fuelwood caused higher tree removals as opposed to timber, natural death and fire that accounted for higher AGC removals.

Millable Stalks (+ water content) 10. Partitioning to sucrose and structures Sucrose yield Millable stalk dry & fresh mass (cane Yield) Aboveground dry and fresh mass 6. Fractional interception of PAR WS : Water stress (cultivar sensitivity) WS WS T : Temperature T TThe quantities of stalk water were modelled separately for the top and basal sections of the millable stalks. Field observations showed that the stalk water concentration (ρ) declined from 7.8 to 11.8 in the top internodes to 1.6–2.9 g water g −1 dry matter in bottom internodes.This study models the amount of water stored in the millable stalk as a function of the dry weight of the stalk structures and of the stored sucrose. The correlation was highly significant (r2=0.98, n=30). Structural material was equated to the difference between the stalk total dry weight and sucrose.Millable stalk biomass below the growing point, reported at ca. 75% moisture content. Number of harvests in a given block. The first harvest [H1] corresponds to plant cane and subsequent harvests [H2 to H8] correspond to the successive ratoon crops.The quantities of stalk water were modelled separately for the top and basal sections of the millable stalks. Field observations showed that the stalk water concentration ( ρ) declined from 7.8 to 11.8 in the top internodes to 1.6–2.9 g water g −1 dry matter in bottom internodes.The number of stalks harvested and the total fresh mass were recorded and a sub-sample of 20–30 randomly selected stalks were stripped to determine the relative proportions of millable stalk and trash (‘cabbage’, green and dead leaf). Millable stalk and cabbage (immature stalk and leaves) were separated between nodes subtending ...This study models the amount of water stored in the millable stalk as a function of the dry weight of the stalk structures and of the stored sucrose. The correlation was highly significant (r=0.98, n=30). Structural material was equated to the difference between the stalk total dry weight and sucrose. Knowing the effect of the water deficit on ...The partitioning of daily increase in millable stalk mass to daily increase in structures is regulated by a dynamic allometric fraction that depends on the amount of existing millable stalk mass, temperature and water stress indices. The remaining biomass not allocated to structures is stored as stalk sucrose. Above-ground and stalk ...The quantities of stalk water were modelled separately for the top and basal sections of the millable stalks. Field observations showed that the stalk water concentration (') declined from 7.8 to 11.8 in the top internodes to 1.6'2.9 g water g'1 dry matter in bottom internodes. In the basal section, ' ranged from 1.98 in winter to 2.83 g water ...Fresh biomass varied from 39.0 to 67.0 t ha −1 and hybrids as a group produced 11.0 % more than OPVs. Millable stalk yield ranged from 29.4 to 46.5 t ha −1 among hybrids and OPVs with a mean of 40.2 t ha −1. Grain yield ranged from 1.14 to 2.25 t ha −1, and hybrids produced 38.0 % more grain yield than OPVs.

Sweet sorghum has succulent stems and broth similar to sugarcane, but studying its energy potential is necessary. We evaluated the biomass, grain yield, ethanol production, and energy cogeneration of sweet sorghum cultivars irrigated with raw and diluted domestic sewage effluent.This equation can deal with long time scales (i.e. the whole crop cycle) provided that values of RUE, k and LAI are dynamically updated. When the ratio of harvestable biomass to the total biomass (harvest index, HI) of a plant is considered, the yield of a crop can then be formalized as follows:To test for functional plant traits related to the harvest index of crops when neighbour diversity increased, we quantified differences in plant interaction intensity and plant functional traits ...The average field-derived fresh shoot mass, fruit numbers, and yield mass for all plants remaining at harvest was 715.29, 532.06, and 226.96 g, respectively, whereas those for the control plants were 1070.67, 810.00, and 362.55 g, respectively, while those of the salt-treated plants were 355.56, 241.89, and 87.47 g, respectively.The major processes simulated in crop models include crop phenological development and dry mass growth, leaf area development, light interception and utilisation, crop demand for water and nutrients, yield formation, dynamics of soil water, carbon, and nitrogen (N), evapotranspiration, and the effect of atmospheric carbon dioxide ...The effect of eight crop LPJ-GUESS parameters was evaluated on yield, harvest index (HI), NPP, carbon mass, LAI and N pool. A total of 17,280 simulations were performed, combining all the levels from each parameter (2 × 3 × 3 × 3 × 4 × 4 × 4 × 5).The estimated and measured shoot dry mass and fresh mass showed a reasonably good fit with 1.142 (R2 = 0.988) and 1.168 (R2 = 0.976), respectively. In ornamental crop production, growth models as a function of environmental factors can be used as a valuable tool for predicting the timing of a phenologiRelationship between shoot dry mass and shoot fresh mass of single-stemmed roses obtained from experiments 1-3 with different 3 plant densities. Regression line is y = 4.469x (R 2 = 0.991)....Fresh and dry weight of roots under FA treatment were highest, which were 37.31% and 47.00% higher than those under the CK treatment, respectively . The fresh weight of stems was not significantly different among the FB, FC, and CK treatments, but significantly greater than that in the FD treatment. The dry weight of stems was not ...The review revealed that LED illumination significantly increased average biomass yield (g/day), ranging from 39.55 to 95.95% of the 13 species for dry mass and fresh mass, respectively (Figure 4). These differences range from a 2-fold difference to a 9-fold difference in yield for both categories.

It is our hypothesis that the scaling rule is based on a dynamic allometric ratio between the dry weights of two different organs (that is, stem biomass (SB) and above-ground biomass...It has been assumed that plant biomass partitioning to stems and roots at the ecosystem level follows a single strategy according to which the stem biomass Plant Biomass Allocation across a Precipitation Gradient: An Approach to Seasonally Dry Tropical Forest at Yucatán, Mexico | SpringerLinkDry weight biomass of sampled trees was estimated with different component: (1) stem wood; (2) stem bark; (3) sawdust; (4) stem (1+2+3); (5) large branches; (6) small branches and foliage; (7) crown (5+6); (8) aboveground biomass (4+7); (9) rootball; (10) medium roots; (11) belowground biomass (9+10); and (12) whole tree (8+11).Dry biomass is the sum of the leaves, stem, and roots. Every part of the tomato plant was put into a 105 °C oven for 1 h and dried continuously at 75 °C until they reached a constant weight; the ...Stem mass fraction: Stem dry mass/total plant dry mass: g g −1: S/R ratio: Shoot to root ratio (leaf + stem dry mass)/root dry mass: g g −1: SSL: Specific stem length: Stem length/stem dry mass: m g −1: TDM: Total dry mass: Dry mass of leaves, stems plus roots: g: ULR: Unit leaf rate: Increase in total plant dry mass/leaf area ...Stem and leaf dry biomass, which are key traits of plant production, are used in functional-structural plant models to simulate plant growth and predict yield. These values are difficult to obtain since they classically rely on time-consuming protocols and require destructive measurements.Relationship of forest biomass allocation to stand characteristics and environmental factors. The PCA demonstrated that 75.5%, 16.6% and 7.9% of variation in leaf, stem and root biomass in all ...Stem and leaf dry biomass, which are key traits of plant production, are used in functional-structural plant models to simulate plant growth and predict yield. These values are difficult to obtain ...Key messages. Measuring biomass and leaf area using non-destructive methods is of great interest to avoid plant degradation. These data are necessary for biomass allocation and estimation of carbon distribution in trees using functional and structural growth models such as GREENLAB.Leaf area and leaf dry biomass are key parameters linked to plant production and they are used in functional–structural plant models to simulate plant growth, but they are difficult to ascertain. Measuring leaf dimensions (length and width) to estimate them provides a non-destructive and rapid approach that can be used in the field ...

The banana pseudo-stem is a low-lignin-content lignocellulosic biomass that can be used for methane production. In recent years, anaerobic digestion (AD) of dried banana stems for methane production has attracted considerable attention. However, there is limited information regarding methane production from the fresh banana pseudo-stem.The average values of tree component biomass, percentage of tree component biomass to total tree biomass, and the ratios of root: shoot (aboveground), leaf: stem, and branch: stem were computed for each stand age. These values were then plotted against stand age to examine how they change with stand age. In addition, tree component ...List of the MAGIC lines evaluated for salt tolerance along with their 8 founders (top 8 genotypes on the list), fresh leaf biomass under no-salt treatment, fresh leaf biomass under salt treatment, relative tolerance index (RTI) for fresh leaf biomass, fresh stem biomass under no-salt treatment, fresh stem under salt treatment, and ...Bio-mass analysis was determined by measuring the following biomass parameters: Root Fresh Weight (RFW), Root Dry Weight (RDW), Stem Fresh Weight (SFW), Stem Dry Weight (SDW), Stem Diameter (SD), Root Diameter (RD), Stem length (SL), Root Length (RL), Root Volume (RV) and Leaf length (LL) (Liu et al., 2020a, 2020b; Zhang et al., 2018, 2019).For the live trees in both the commercial and the non-commercial groups, biomass was calculated in both fresh and dry weight. The total stem moisture content of standing dead trees would naturally be lower than that of live trees as observed for other species (Bi et al. 2015). The dead stems were neither completely fresh as live ...To test whether there are general patterns in biomass partitioning in relation to environmental variation when stand biomass is considered, we investigated biomass allocation in leaves, stems...The root system, stem, and crown observed biomass densities of 29.62, 84.57, and 36.55 Mg ha −1, respectively. Stem biomass density accounted for approximately 70% of AGB and 56% of the total tree biomass density. As expected, the estimates of biomass densities are as precise as the estimates of BEFs.At the individual level, water storage capacity S (ml) was related to the total biomass (FTB), the fresh stem biomass (FSB) and to the surface density (FTB/A O). Table 3 shows that our S values showed positive correlation with FTB, FSB and surface density (FTB/ A O ).The potential sustainable biomass production from forest residues consists of various streams, such as (i) the current production of stem wood for industry; (ii) the potential stem wood harvested within the sustainable harvest limit; (iii) the primary forestry residues, for example, logging residues, early thinnings, and extracted stumps; and ...Stumpage value at harvest on each plot was calculated both with 2019 fresh whole-tree biomass (stem, branches, and foliage), treating all biomass as salable for the energy market, as well as fresh stem-only biomass similar to the pulpwood market.

This suggests that high soluble sugar concentration in the stem of TS is due to a factor other than the small panicle caused by the sp1 mutation. Therefore, in the present study, we characterized sugar metabolism in the stem of TS to obtain clues to the cause of its high sugar concentration.In large seedlings, −WC treatment significantly decreased leaf soluble sugar concentration and leaf starch concentration by 40%, when compared to +WC treatment (p < 0.05; Figures 5C,D), and −WDE treatment significantly increased stem and root soluble sugar concentrations, by 69 and 92%, respectively, when compared with the +WDE ...We calculated the allocation of soluble sugar and starch to leaf, stem and roots by multiplying the concentration by organ biomass and dividing by the total soluble sugar and starch biomass in each organ biomass by the whole-plant soluble sugar and starch biomass.Sensing intracellular soluble sugar pathways, however, provides incomplete information about the metabolic status of plant cells, since they ignore the concentration of soluble sugars in the apoplast and, perhaps more importantly, the apoplast-cytosol and the vacuole-cytosol fluxes of sugars. Consequently, a complex signalling network underlying to sugar-sensing pathways is present.Post-anthesis drought did not affect total soluble sugars in the stem juice but significantly decreased sucrose concentration and inversely increased glucose and fructose concentration. The highest concentrations of glucose and fructose were recorded in the accession G10. Similar trend of variations for sucrose and hexoses was ...A range of genes is either expressed or suppressed depending upon the status of soluble sugars. A variation in sugar status is recorded in plants under abiotic stresses which also impact the expression of genes. Hexokinase-dependent and hexokinase-independent pathways are implicated in sugar sensing.Significant differences existed among species for the concentration of starch ( F = 3.709, p < 0.000), soluble sugar ( F = 7.398, p < 0.000) and NSC ( F = 5.125, p < 0.000) and the ratio of ...Soluble sugar concentration in the bark was only weakly correlated with yield, while total NSC concentration and NSC concentration in wood was significantly correlated in 5 or 6 months during the ...Nitrogen addition enhanced the soluble sugar concentrations (SSC) of leaves and roots, and reduced starch concentrations (SC) of all organs. Stem and root N concentrations significantly increased ...Optimization of sugar flow and transport efficiency predicts optimal concentrations of 23.5 per cent (if the pressure differential driving the flow is independent of concentration) and 34.5 per cent (if the pressure is proportional to concentration). Data from more than 50 experiments (41 species) collected from the literature show an average ...

Lab Partners: Abigail Escarzaga, Rafael Olguin & Makayla Paiz CHEM1215L Fall 2022 09/22/ Experimental Procedure: Wear safety goggles and gloves. Grab all materials- 100mL and 25mL volumetric flask, glassware, analytical balance, micropipette, distilled water, and sugar. Weigh out 8 of sugar on the analytical balance.The following three formula was postulated that can be used in the estimation of sugars contents: (1) S s = (J + B × So j ×W b / W j)×S j; (2) S s =(1-B × D b ×U b)×S b /(W b + So b); (3) S s =J × S j + B × S b, where Ss is sugar content of stem (%), J is juice extraction (%), B is bagasse rate after one milling (%), Soj is ...Scientific Argument 1 - Determination of Sugar Content. Determination of Sugar Content. University University of New Mexico. Course. General Chemistry for Stem Majors Lab (CHEM 1215L) 44 Documents. Students shared 44 documents in this course. Academic year: 2022/2023. Uploaded by Kathleen Romero Martinez. Comments. Please sign in or register to post comments. Recommended for you. 12. Post Lab ...In addition to quantifying TSS, calculating Brix:acid ratio or estimating the BrimA as measures of the sweetness of fresh horticultural produce, the sweetness index (SI) based on the proportion of the individual non-saturated sugar components is one of the common measures of acceptability of horticultural produce (Beckles, 2012).Fermentation Rate in Different Sugars. Abstract: This experiment is designed by students after studying the process of cellular respiration and fermentation. It demonstrates students’ understanding over the materials and utilization of the lab setting. In this experiment, the primary focus will on the speed of fermentation in different ...Yeast can metabolize sugar in two ways, aerobically, with the aid of oxygen, or anaerobically, without oxygen. In this lab, you will try to determine whether yeast are capable of metabolizing a variety of sugars. Although the aerobic fermentation of sugars is much more efficient, in this experiment we will have yeast ferment the sugars ...sucrose (S), (3) 10 g/kg glucose (G), and (4) 10 g/kg molasses (M), all on fresh matter basis. The added dosage was based on the result of some published studies [10–13]. Every treatment was carried out in triplicates. The application rate of sugar was on fresh matter basis. Brieﬂy, 200 g of stylo was blended with additives ...Sugars in soil and sweets for microorganisms: Review of origin, content, composition and fate. Sources, content and fate of sugars in soil and their main functions in soil were discussed. GM/AX ratio of non-cellulose soil sugars depends on chemical composition of litter.Cane yield (in fresh machinable stem) t.ha-1: Sugar_CAS: Sugar content of fresh stem mass % IFTH: Herbicide Application Frequency Index [0.1] 2. candidate variables (i.e. AEGIS variable dictionary) with the following information (see an example in Table 2): • variable name which is defined from the concatenation of an entity, a trait and a unit of measurement, • description, • unit ...In this work, we analyzed the effects of high salinity on sugar partitioning and vascular anatomy within the floral stem. Stem sucrose and fructose content increased, while starch reduced, in contrast to the response observed in rosette leaves of the same plants. In the stem, the effects were associated with changes in the expression ...

Sorghum, especially sweet sorghum with high biomass, shown great potential for biofuel, has lower sugar content than sugarcane. To enhance sugar content, the sucrose isomerase (SI) gene, driven by stem-specific promoters (A2 or LSG) with a vacuole-targetted signal peptide, was transformed into the sorghum inbred line (T×430). The ...In this work, we analyzed the effects of high salinity on sugar partitioning and vascular anatomy within the floral stem. Stem sucrose and fructose content increased, while starch reduced, in contrast to the response observed in rosette leaves of the same plants. In the stem, the effects were associated with changes in the expression ...Moreover, it has been utilised as a unique energy crop characterised by high amounts of soluble solid in the stem and is also regarded as a forage crop in agroecosystems (Paterson et al. 2009 ...Maximizing the soluble sugar yield in sugar-storing crops, such as sugarcane, sugar beet, and sweet sorghum has been a subject of great interest in biofuel and sugar production. Roots of sugar beet and stems of sugarcane and sweet sorghum are the primary tissues to accumulate high levels of sugars, mainly sucrose.This isotopic tracing method was applied to the analysis of nucleotide sugar biosynthesis in pluripotent stem cells (hiPSCs and hESCs) and compared to primary dermal fibroblasts, which represent the cell type of origin of the two control hiPS lines .Sweet sorghum has emerged as a promising source of bioenergy mainly due to its high biomass and high soluble sugar yield in stems. Studies have shown that loss-of-function <i>Dry</i> locus alleles have been selected during sweet sorghum domestication, and decapitation can further boost sugar accumul …Sugar transport proteins (STPs) that are responsible for glucose uptake in plant cells play fundamental roles in plant growth, development and stress responses. High-resolution structures of ...Fermentable sugar is the most important component in sweet sorghum stem for its first-generation ethanol production. Estimation of fermentable sugar yield is required for sweet sorghum breeding ...The sugar content of stem juice was highest in “Super 1,” followed by “Rio” . Higher sugar content could be a merit as the feedstock for biofuel production . The accumulation of sugars in the stem is influenced by several metabolic and transport processes as well as consumption within the sink cell . Because higher sugar contents in the ...Relationship between acetylene reduction activity (ARA) and total sugar (sucrose and glucose) concentration of stem in six rice varieties in 2017 (A) and 10 rice genotypes in 2018 (B), correlation between ARA and starch concentration in 2017 (C) and 2018 (D), and correlation between ARA and nitrogen concentration in 2017 (E) and 2018 ...

A recent survey of Earth’s remaining living biomass 11 has found that, on a mass basis, plants constitute the vast majority (about 90%) 16, followed by bacteria, fungi, archaea, protists, and...Carbon is captured and stored by the different components of the trees, which includes branches, trunks, leaves, and roots (Jones et al. 2019 ). Carbon content assessment routinely considers the total dry above- and belowground biomass (Scharlemann et al. 2014; Wade et al. 2019 ).The specific energy consumption was estimated in all three dryers by considering the total energy supplied to dry biomass from the initial moisture content of about 87.9%–10% (w.b) according to Eq. (15) .Total dry mass is often used as an indication of plant fitness. In particular, dry vegetative mass is generally correlated to reproductive mass. In addition, the plant samples may be split into leaves, stems and roots.According to Rocha et al. [9], high total dry biomass (Mg ha − 1 year − 1) is the main factor to consider in the production of bioenergy via the direct combustion of biomass. The same opinion has been shared by other authors for many bioenergy purposes [ [10] , [11] , [12] , [13] , [14] ].The total proteins content (% per g dry biomass) was assessed as per Saadaoui et al. . 100 mg of dry microalgae biomass was subjected for total proteins extraction using a Sigma kit (Plant Total Protein Extraction PE0230, USA).Highlights Dry biomass greatly enhances combustion compared to high-moisture fuels. Drying is thus often necessary but can be highly energy-intensive and costly. Using low-grade/waste heat from process industries can reduce energy consumption. This process used flue gas or superheated steam as the heat source and a belt dryer. A 3–4 year return on the initial investment was calculated for ...Compared to the dry biomass on cher nozem soil, the dry biomass on reddish preluvosoil registered smaller values. Compared to the average of the five studied hybrids onTotal dry matter yield (TDMY) increased from 16.6 to 43.0 t ha −1 and from 15.2 to 41.6 t ha −1 in 2016 and 2017, respectively, as N rate increased from 0 to 1000 kg ha −1. However, growth and TDMY were not affected by K fertilizer. Increased TDMY resulted from an increase in the proportion of elongating tillers leading to ...Approximately 1.9 billion tons of sugarcane biomass is produced each year [ 5 ], which contains about 580 million dry tons of lignocellulosic biomass that could be used as a feedstock for the production of second-generation biofuels [ 6 ].

Les bioénergies : contribuer à concilier croissance et défi climatique. La biomasse désigne l’ensemble de la matière organique d’origine végétale, animale et microbienne. La valorisation de la biomasse permet de produire des biocarburants et des bioplastiques, et contribue ainsi à relever 3 grands défis.The total global live biomass has been estimated at about 550 billion tonnes carbon, [1] most of which is found in forests. Shallow aquatic environments, such as wetlands, estuaries and coral reefs, can be as productive as forests, generating similar amounts of new biomass each year on a given area. [2]Après le rachat de Vol-V Biomasse par Engie en 2019, Total a annoncé lundi le rachat d'un autre acteur important du petit secteur du biométhane, Fonroche Biogaz, pour un montant non divulgué ...Determination of total fresh biomass. (a) Separation and measurement of trimmed and untrimmed biomass; (b) numbering of the sections and branches measured on a trimmed tree. Source: Picard,...The total fresh biomass ranged between 1188 and 3235 g/plant, with variable values within each botanical variety, whereas the partition of the aboveground biomass was strongly affected by botanical variety. In the wild variety, the leaves weight represented about 42% of the total fresh biomass, whereas capitula and stalks weights ...The study found a total of 39 allometric models of biomass having 17 for fresh biomass and 22 for dry biomass, from which the study found the best-fit model for each species. The goodness-of-fit statistics for most of the species show a combined effect of DBH (Diameter at Breast Height at 1.3 m above the ground) and total height (TH ...The LPC content of JA was an average 39 g kg −1 of fresh biomass, while that of alfalfa was 32 g kg −1. The JA can produce up to 936 kg of protein ha −1 year −1 without fertilization under rainfed conditions.The analysis of total biomass indicated that this NIR- and HPLC-based high-throughput method allowed a robust phenotypic assessment of a large number of samples for the key biomass traits in the sugarcane system, including total dry biomass, fiber, sugar content, and theoretical ethanol yields, and could potentially become the method of choice f...Total fresh biomass recovered by a commercial flail harvester in root-lodged areas of the field (44.3 Mg ha −1) was 40% lower when compared to hand-harvested biomass (74.0 Mg ha −1). In contrast, machine- and hand-harvested fresh biomass yields were within 10% in non-lodged areas of the field.

The term “harvest index” firstly used by Donald () in Australia in the early 1960s was the ratio of grain yield to biological yield or biomass, which could be used to measure a crop's success in partitioning total photosynthate to harvestable product (Hay, ).The determination of grain yield requires knowledge of the harvest area, the weight of the ears or the weight of the total kernels per plot, the moisture content, and the appropriate percentage of yield adjustment depending on moisture content in the given environment.Grain yield, harvest index, water‐use efficiency and nitrogen partitioning to grain can be improved by application of the plant growth regulator paclobutrazol to maize plants with reduced N supply - Hütsch - 2023 - Journal of Agronomy and Crop Science - Wiley Online Library.Grain yield and harvest index were statistically affected by interaction effects of variety × NPS and N in both years. Therefore, the highest grain yield (9.7 t·ha −1) was produced from Baate at a combined application of 150 kg NPS and 130.5 kg N·ha −1.A recent review [ 1] indicated genetic grain yield gains of 74 to 123 kg ha -1 year -1 for different time periods between 1930 and 2001, in the US corn belt, Argentina and Brazil [ 2 - 6 ].In general, yield per unit area increases with increasing plant population density, while plant yield decreases, owing to the stress caused by plant overcrowding1,3.Increasing maize planting density is a major approach to maize production. The average maize grain yield increased from 2.44 × 10 3 kg ha −1 in 1980 to 6.87 × 10 3 kg ha −1 in 2019. However ...The rate of N for maximum productivity, or maximum technical efficiency (MTE), of N was 226 kg ha -1 for a grain yield of 13,647 kg ha -1 ( Figure 1 A). In a study conducted by Farinelli and Lemos ...This results in 160 rH and rP values per country. If harvest area and production values for a particular crop are zero or unreported in the FAOSTAT data, then rH c and rP c are both set to 1.0 (i ...Last Updated: 07 Sep 2023. PDF | Maize (Zea mays L.) grain yield is closely associated with kernel number at harvest. This yield component is a function of the physiological... | Find, read and ...

Direct measurement of the AGB of a tree requires that the tree be harvested and weighed to determine the total dry biomass of all its aboveground components.Dry Biomass and Carbon Stocks of Fruit Components. The fruit dry biomass (FDB; in g) and the fruit diameter (D; in cm) were related by the following linear expressions FDB = 1.022 ᵡ D 2.492 and FDB = 1.015 ᵡ D 2.38; respectively for S. madagascariensis and S. spinosa, with the highest coefficient of determination (R 2 = 0.99 ...The total oven-dry weight of all leaves is calculated as the number of leaves multiplied by the dry weight per leaf. The oven-dry weight of the inflorescence (flower or fruit) should also be measured and added to obtain the total weight. A simple linear regression equation of total oven-dry biomass of the palm versus its height should be ...We estimated the fruit biomass of Plot A with Fruit Counts from various combinations of Plots B and C (i.e., all C plots equal 1.5-m 2 area or 1.2% sampling intensity) to test the effectiveness of the Fruit Count method at 0.4%, 0.8%,1.2%, 4%, 8%, and 12% sampling intensities. At each sampling intensity, we used QLIM procedure as ...In this study, we aimed to estimate dry matter (DM) production and fresh fruit yield in “Fresco-dash” (FD) and “Project X” (PX) cucumber cultivars using an empirical model developed for tomatoes. First, we cultivated the two cucumber cultivars under a hydroponic system for about six months.This chapter is confined to the measurement of biomass and net primary production in herbaceous species. Although the theory behind the measurement of these parameters in trees and shrubs is the same, the techniques often require dimensional analysis and sampling of reference units, which are outside the scope of this discussion.Here, a non-destructive method based on digital image analysis is presented, addressing not only above-ground fresh biomass (FBM) and oven-dried biomass (DBM), but also vertical biomass distribution as well as dry matter content (DMC) and growth rates.In this study, we aimed to explore which regression models and phenotypic traits derived from lidar data are best for estimating maize biomass (not biomass density) at four levels, including plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.Biomass estimation is one of the crucial tasks of forest ecology. Drying tree material is a crucial stage of preparing biomass estimation tools. However, at this step researchers use different...The dataset contains measurements of specific leaf area, leaf longevity, leaf carbon and nitrogen for 35 tree and shrub species derived from more than 1,200 branch samples collected from over 200...

Johansen et al. researched the predictability of fresh shoot mass (SM), number of fruits (FN), and yield mass at harvest using UAV-based imagery and indicated that plant area, border length, width, and length of plant had the highest importance in the random forest approach to modeling of biomass and yield.Box-and-whisker plots, showing the variation in red–green–blue (RGB) and multispectral unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) predicted fresh shoot mass, fruit numbers, and yield mass throughout the growing season in relation to field-based observations at the time of harvest.the predictability of fresh shoot mass (SM), number of fruits (FN), and yield mass at harvest using UAV-based imagery and indicated that plant area, border length, width, and length of plant had the highest importance in the random forest approach to modeling of biomass and yield. Candiago et al. [13] examined the vegetation vigorIn total, three LMR models and three RF models were developed for estimating larch forest biomass at the plot level, each of which was then evaluated using test data not seen in model calibration (Table 3).Using linear regression models under a censored-normal distribution, we determined the Fruit Count and Stem Density methods could accurately estimate fruit biomass; however, when comparing AIC values between models, the Fruit Count method was the superior method for estimating fruit biomass.1.1.1. Definitions Plant biomass (W) is the weight of living plant material contained above and below a unit of ground surface area at a given point in time. Production is the biomass or weight of organic matter assimilated by a community or species per unit land area per unit time.The prediction tests of these models indicated that the errors were large when predicting the fruit number and the seed biomass of smaller trees (DBH ≤ 20 cm) and bigger trees (DBH ≥ 30 cm). For medium-size trees (20 cm < DBH < 30 cm), the error was small.| Scatterplots showing the linear relationships between field-measured and predicted (A) fresh shoot mass, (B) fruit numbers, and (C) yield mass based on the multispectral unmanned aerial vehicle ...Second, examine the accuracy of predictions of tomato fresh shoot masses (SM), fruit weights (FW), and the number of fruits (FN) from multiple machine learning algorithms using selected variable sets.Being the tenth largest tropical fruit producer, Bangladesh is the second in jackfruit and seventh in mango production among the world's fruit-producing countries. Besides the fruit production, these two species are a good source of timber which contributes about 3.9% to 8.7% of the commercial timber volume of the total homestead forest respectively FD, 2007). But limited information on ...

Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons.Crop yield (production per unit harvested area) is an essential variable in many disciplines. Global yield datasets for the historical past have increasingly been used to analyze climate-crop ...Crop Harvest Area: 1000 ha (10 7 m 2) per 5-arcminute grid cell. Crop Production: 1000 tonnes (10 6 kg) per 5-arcminute grid cell. Crop Yield: tonnes per ha (10 −1 kg m −2) per 5-arcminute ...Studies across different crops demonstrated that grain or seed number per unit area (GN m –2) is the dominant yield component. Although grains or seeds derive from floret or flower production and survival, the timing of the critical period for GN m –2 determination is known to vary noticeably, from mainly pre-flowering to ...Crop yields are the harvested production per unit of harvested area for crop products. In most of the cases yield data are not recorded, but are obtained by dividing the production data by the data on area harvested.How much cropland has the world spared due to increases in crop yields? Almond yields; Area of land needed to meet global vegetable oil demand; Area of land needed to produce one tonne of vegetable oil; Banana yields; Barley yields; Bean yields; Cashew nut yields; Cassava yields; Cereal yield vs. GDP per capita; Cereal yield vs. extreme poverty ...The EU produced 270.9 million tonnes of cereals in 2022, 26.7 million tonnes less than in 2021. The harvested production of many crops was impacted by drought conditions in large parts of the EU, including grain maize (down 27.4%), sunflowers (down 10.1%), and olives for olive oil (down 38.1%).The determination of grain yield requires knowledge of the harvest area, the weight of the ears or the weight of the total kernels per plot, the moisture content, and the appropriate percentage of yield adjustment depending on moisture content in the given environment.grain yield. Consistently, the objectives of this study were to identify the soil attributes that a˙ect grain yield and generate a model to recommend sowing rates as a function of these attributes.To standardize crop yields across studies, we focused the analysis on relative yields, defined as the ratio of crop yield in the intercropped system to crop yield in the sole crop treatment (Yu et al., 2015).All of the selected studies had information on crop yield at a control site from which we calculated relative yields in the AF stand; the only exception was Moreno et al. (2007) who ...

The results indicated that the whole grain yield of Japanese barnyard millet cultivar PRJ-1 was significantly higher than Indian Barnyard millet cultivars VL 172 and VL 207; however, the dehulled grain recovery was considerably higher in VL 172 and VL 207 than PRJ-1.Varietal differences: The dehulled yield of 1,000 spelt lines varied from 55–75% of hulled weight (Stallknecht et al., 1996a). Emmer and einkorn potentially add greater variability when compared to spelt. Grain moisture. Equipment: Because of variations in equipment, yield will depend on the equipment setting, speed, and operator skill.The yield of dehulled grain after at least 90% of the hull had been removed, ranged from 74-89%. Dehulling efficiency, a measure of the amount of hull in the abraded material, ranged from...In this study, an innovative technology was developed for applying cold plasma-assisted buckwheat grain dehulling. The mechanism of dehulling and the farinographical properties of dehulled buckwheat flour were analyzed. Furthermore, we also compared the effects of cold plasma treatment and traditional heat treatment on the quality ...SEM images of the millets shows the impact of dehulling on the surface morphology of the grains (little, barnyard, proso, and kodo millets). This calls for research and development of novel food processing technologies to minimize loss and damage during processing of climate resilient crops.Yield of dehulled grain was 80%, with most of the hulls removed in the form of fines. The reduction in fat content of the dehulled grain was not as great as in the case of the Senegal sorghum. Sieve analysis showed that 98.1% of the grain did not pass the 8 mesh sieve. After dehulling 54.5% did not pass, indicating 45.5% breakage.The process of dehulling buckwheat grain should lead to less breaking of the buckwheat grain and improve the whole kernel recovery rate. However, heat treatment-based delhulling is associated with starch gelatinization, protein denaturation, and degradation of flavonoids.The major determinants of dehulling yield obtained through centrifugal system are moisture content of the grain, the peripheral speed of the impeller, and the feed rate (Gupta and Das 1999). Soaking is another cheap method of dehulling utilized in millets.9240 Switzerland Contact us To maximize the process output of oilseed, grain and pulses, you need to separate hulls from their kernels efficiently. Bühler offers a wide range of dehulling and hull separation processes which you can tailor to your product.The highest yield of 73.7 % was achieved at about 972 J/g with a little change in colour (CIELAB ΔE* value of 2.58). The corresponding dehulling time, cooking time and losses during dehulling were respectively 185 s, 10 min and 15.1 % as compared to 492 s, 20 min and 31.5 % for control respectively.

In this study, we aimed to explore which regression models and phenotypic traits derived from lidar data are best for estimating maize biomass (not biomass density) at four levels, including plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.Thus, we had estimates of foliar biomass on one-to-three branches in 6–10 annual shoots per tree, and specific leaf area (m 2 /kg) on one of those branches. 2.3. Model development. We developed equations to predict foliar biomass and specific leaf area at three scales: branch, annual shoot, and whole-crown.In total, three LMR models and three RF models were developed for estimating larch forest biomass at the plot level, each of which was then evaluated using test data not seen in model calibration (Table 3).We modelled foliage biomass and SLA at three scales of organization: individual primary branches, annual shoots (all branches on an annual increment of the main stem), and the whole tree. We used a variety of independent variables that range in scale from the branch to plot level.Plot-level biomass estimates were combined with Landsat imagery and geomorphometric and climate layers to map aboveground tree biomass. We compared biomass estimates for individual trees, plots, and at the landscape-scale using our locally-developed allometric equations, nationwide equations applied across the U.S., and the Forest ...In estimating the forest biomass carbon and its response under climate change, the issue of scaling has resulted in difficulties when modelling the biomass for different-sized trees, especially...The relation between leaf area ( A) and the product of length ( L ) × width (Wi) was defined by the linear equation A = 0.60 × L × Wi whereas dry biomass (We) was predicted by a power law We = 0.004 × ( L × Wi) 1.11. This method could also be tested and applied to other species. IntroductionBiomass estimation is one of the crucial tasks of forest ecology. Drying tree material is a crucial stage of preparing biomass estimation tools. However, at this step researchers use different...This study has quantitatively mapped the distributions and peak above-ground foliar biomass of the 1000 most prevalent plant and tree species in Great Britain (GB) on a 1×1 km 2 grid. Each 1×1 km 2 grid cell was assigned to one of 56 land classes on the basis of environmental and land cover attributes. The mean occurrence and cover ...Uses of TLS to sample shrubland environments throughout plots have included ranged (<50 m) sensing and biomass estimation of shrubs (Greaves et al., 2015), local estimations of shrub and herbaceous fuelbed volume (Loudermilk et al., 2009, Rowell et al., 2016), identification of individual shrubs across plots and measurement of height and crown area (Vierling et al., 2013), estimation of ...

Biomass at the plot level was indirectly measured by converting fresh weight to dry weight according to established relationships built from randomly selected samples . Specifically, all individual maize plants within each plot were first harvested and weighted fresh in the field using an electronic scale with an accuracy of 1 g ...For each plot in the study area, five squares of an area of 0.25 m 2 were randomly established (25 quadrats in total), where the herbaceous vegetation was cut at ground level. ...In general, foliage biomass is concentrated vertically in the central parts of the crown, increasing downward from the top of the tree to some maximum and then decreasing to the base of the crown ( Kantola and Mäkelä, 2004, Schneider et al., 2011 ).The mean foliar biomass of individual branches (FB B) was 25% greater in spruce than pine (Table 3) despite the similarity in size of trees of both species, i.e., similar mean and range of branch diameters (D BR), total tree heights (H T), diameters at breast height (D BH), and crown lengths (CL B).Plot-level traits: scaling leaf-level to plot-level measurements. Each plot had a planted species richness of 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16, with an average of 6 species per plot. Complete sampling of all species would require 54 spectral measurements to estimate plot-level traits for a single plot (54 = 6 species ∗ 3 individuals ∗ 3 canopy ...The results showed that waveform metrics have strong potential for estimating woody (R 2 = 0.71) and foliar biomass (R 2 = 0.73) at the tree-level in a savanna environment [37]. ... ...The variance of the plot-level biomass is the sum of the within- and between-strata variance: Var (M) = ∑ i = 1 p π i Var (M i) + S p 2 where Var (M i) is the plot-level biomass variance within stratum i as defined in Section 2.2, and S p 2 is the between-strata variance of biomass: S p 2 = | A | 2 ∑ i = 1 p π i [λ i E (B i ...1.1.1. Definitions. Plant biomass (W) is the weight of living plant material contained above and below a unit of ground surface area at a given point in time. Production is the biomass or weight of organic matter assimilated by a community or species per unit land area per unit time.Comparisons between the measured and predicted fresh biomass (FM) at the plot level (N = 386) in the combined dataset from six prediction models: (A) M1: FM ∼ NDVI + Sonar _ PH + NDVI × Sonar _ PH, (B) M2: FM ∼ NDVI + LV _ PH + NDVI × LV _ PH, (C) M3: F M ~ L V × N D V I, (D) M4: F M ~ L V × L V _ D e n, (E) M5: F M ~ L V × ...Our results demonstrate that: (1) tree height and NM may independently control foliar structure and physiology, and have an even greater impact on biomass allocation; and (2) the modified within‐plant light availabilities alone do not explain the observed patterns.

Leaf dry matter content: Leaf dry-matter content (LDMC) is the oven-dry mass (mg) of a leaf, divided by its water-saturated fresh mass (g), expressed in mg g-1 Using these units, LWC is simply 1000-LDMC. LDMC is related to the average density (fresh mass per fresh volume) of the leaf tissues.Summary. •. This study compared the predictive ability of dry matter content (DMC, dry mass per fresh mass) of leaves, stems, roots and entire plants in relation to dry matter concentration (D, dry mass per volume of plant organ). Data came from 28 species of field-collected plants (woody and herbaceous) and 17 species of ...Leaf-colour modification is expected to improve dry matter accumulation either by extending the canopy duration (G traits) (Gregersen et al., 2013, Borrell et al., 2014) or by allowing more light penetrated into the lower canopy (Y traits) (Ort et al., 2011, Gu et al., 2017b).Linear regression relationships between measured leaf thickness (LT, μm) and the inverse of the product of specific leaf area (SLA, m 2 kg −1) and leaf dry matter content (LDMC, mg g −1) for all studies (open circles) and for succulent-leaved species (filled circles with outliers, Crassula sp. and Euphorbia sp. indicated by ...Both for green leaves and litter, these traits represented (a) leaf structure, that is specific leaf area (SLA, fresh area per dry mass) and leaf dry matter content (LDMC, dry mass per saturated mass) and (b) leaf chemistry, including nitrogen concentration ([N]), phosphorus concentration ([P]), carbon-to-nitrogen ratio (C:N) and pH.PDF | This study compared the predictive ability of dry matter content (DMC, dry mass per fresh mass) of leaves, stems, roots and entire plants in... | Find, read and cite all the research you ...In vitro dry matter degradation For leaf blades, 1-cm sections of coastal bermuda grass were prepared for digestion studies in Hungate tubes as described (Akin and Rigsby, 1987 ). For stems, 1-cm sections of the fifth internode from the apex of bermuda grass plants were cut as described (Akin et al., 1989).Leaf dry matter content (LDMC) is widely used as an indicator of plant resource use in plant functional trait databases. Two main methods have been proposed to measure LDMC, which basically differ in the rehydration procedure to which leaves are subjected after harvesting.In order to convert the data to dry matter weight per square meter, the original data were multiplied by the expected number of plants per square meter under the four different treatments. The aboveground dry matter includes that of the leaf blades, leaf sheaths, stems, and ears.Leaves were considered as dead, when the leaf blade was either completely yellow or by at least 50% dry and dead. Leaf area of all green leaves was measured with a LI-COR leaf area meter (LI-3000C) in combination with a belt conveyer accessory (LI-3050C). All plant material was dried at 70 °C for at least 48 h and weighed.

Leaves are generally composed of a few main parts: the blade and the petiole. Figure 13.1.2 13.1. 2: A leaf is usually composed of a blade and a petiole. The blade is most frequently the flat, photosynthetic part. The petiole is a stem that attaches the leaf blade to the main stem of the plant.The flat structure of a leaf blade enables it to function as a photosynthetic organ for efficient light capture. The leaf rim or the edge-most region of leaf margin directs the planar...The second experiment, which investigated fresh and air-dried leaf-blades of 4.0 and 0.5 cm cut-lengths, fermentation of fresh leaf-blades produced results similar to those obtained in the first experiment. The 4.0 cm cut-lengths, relative to the 0.5 cm cut lengths, produced more (17.9%) gas and more (26.9%) fermentation end-products ...Each leaf typically has a leaf blade called the lamina, which is also the widest part of the leaf. Some leaves are attached to the plant stem by a petiole. Leaves that do not have a petiole and are directly attached to the plant stem are called sessile leaves. Leaves also have stipules, small green appendages usually found at the base of the ...Green leaves are fundamental for the functioning of terrestrial ecosystems (Wright et al., 2004) because green leaf blades are the principal organs of net primary productivity, gas exchange, and evapotranspiration.Leaf damage during and after harvest is affected by crop species. • Small round lesions appear on leaf blade and edges. • Post-harvest processing modifies leaf microbial community structure. • Highly damaged leaves should be removed before packaging.(C): Differences in leaf blade margin of fresh leaf cross sections of A donax leaves: (a) green mature leaf, (b) senescent leaf. The walls are thick, and the cells are hyaline and without chlorophyll that distinguishes it from other epidermal cells.Plant fresh weight (A), leaf area (B), shoot dry weight (C), and whole-plant net assimilation (D) of lettuce plants as affected by the different proportions of green light. Different letters in each column indicate significant differences at p < 0.05, according to the least significant difference (LSD) test.Fresh leaf tissues were observed using the SEM equipped with the Coolstage, which maintained the tissues at temperatures below 0°C to avoid water evaporation (Nery et al., 2017; Yuan et al., 2019). Samples observed at −15°C were used to represent the SEM Coolstage method to compare with other methods. Leaves were separated from ...Using the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana, we introduced the use of Raman spectroscopy to measure shade-induced changes of metabolites in vivo. Raman spectroscopy detected a decrease in carotenoid contents in leaf blades and petioles of plants with SAS, which were induced by low Red:Far-red light ratio or high density conditions ...

The increase in the dry mass of green forage was due to the increases of both dry mass of green leaf blade (Figure 7) and dry mass of green stem (Figure 8). The latter...Total dry matter mass (TDM), potentially digestible dry matter (pDDM), dry pseudostem (DP), green pseudostem (GP), dry leaf blade (DLB) and green leaf blade (GLB) of Marandu...Leaf dry matter content: Leaf dry-matter content (LDMC) is the oven-dry mass (mg) of a leaf, divided by its water-saturated fresh mass (g), expressed in mg g-1 Using these units, LWC is simply 1000-LDMC. LDMC is related to the average density (fresh mass per fresh volume) of the leaf tissues.Leaf dry mass. Leaves (including blade, petiole, and stipules when present) were then dried for a minimum of 72 hours at 65 °C before dry mass was measured to the nearest 0.0001 g. 5.Leaf dry mass multiplied by the specific leaf area is converted into leaf area. Direct methods in evergreen species are necessarily destructive. However, they are widely used in crops and pastures by harvesting the vegetation and measuring leaf area within a certain ground surface area.Leaf mass per area (LMA) is a morphological trait widely used as a good indicator of plant functioning (i.e. photosynthetic and respiratory rates, chemical composition, resistance to herbivory, etc.).Summary. •. This study compared the predictive ability of dry matter content (DMC, dry mass per fresh mass) of leaves, stems, roots and entire plants in relation to dry matter concentration (D, dry mass per volume of plant organ). Data came from 28 species of field-collected plants (woody and herbaceous) and 17 species of ...Depending on the size of the individual leaves, LT was measured on five to ten points per leaf (blade), avoiding the mid-vein. Leaves were then oven-dried at 60 °C for at least 2 d, and their dry mass was determined. From these measurements, mean values of LDMC, SLA and LT were calculated. Published studiesComparisons of leaf functional traits among the 12 Rosaceae species including (A) leaf area, (B) leaf dry weight, and (C) leaf dry mass per unit area (LMA). In each panel, the same letters represent non-significant difference, whereas different letters represents significant difference.GLOBAL‐SCALE CLIMATIC CONTROLS OF LEAF DRY MASS PER AREA, DENSITY, AND THICKNESS IN TREES AND SHRUBS - Niinemets - 2001 - Ecology - Wiley Online Library.

Based on all winter wheat straw returned to the field, the treatment of all summer maize straw (SR) and half of summer maize straw (1/2SR) and summer maize straw not returned to the field (CK) 3 experimental treatments were tested for 8 consecutive years.In detail, after rice/wheat harvest, straw/straw-derived biochar was spread on the soil surface as an amendment and thoroughly mixed with soil at approximately 15–20 cm depth prior to the ...Hu et al. showed that in the rice–wheat rotation system, compared with other straw returning rates, returning 50% rice and wheat straw (4,500 kg/ha rice straw, 3,000 kg/ha wheat straw) can significantly improve the total organic carbon and microbial biomass carbon content of the soil, while returning 25% rice and wheat straw (2,250 ...The research has shown that maize straw harvested in Central-Eastern Europe can have a broad spectrum of dry mass content, which is related to diverse weather conditions during autumn. However, independently from moisture content, maize straw can be a good (for more wet material) or very good (for more dried straw) substrate for the biogas plant.Statement of Novelty. Cereal straw is an abundant agricultural by-product in Europe. This study provides new knowledge on straw availability and the potential impact of large-scale straw removal on organic matter in agricultural soils in a regional investigation in Sweden.5.2 Crop production. The interaction of straw biochar and fertilizer is advocated as a good approach for improving soil qualities, thereby increasing crop biomass accumulation and crop productivity. In addition, the application of straw biochar alone may not increase crop productivity and may reduce crop yields.Straw Biomass. It is evident that straw biomass is an abundant and inexpensive lignocellulosic resource for manufacturing eco-building materials. From: Advanced High Strength Natural Fibre Composites in Construction, 2017. Related terms: Energy Engineering; Cellulose; Pyrolysis; Biochar; Hemicellulose; Feedstock; Eutectics; Pretreatment; Wheat ...This study also reported that the addition of 30% wheat bran to wheat straw reduced the moisture content to 44%, but this level of moisture continued to support the growth of P. erygnii. ... ......However, in practise, the availability of cereal straw for a bioenergy plant depends on numerous factors, including biomass produced within the field, harvesting height of the straw, cereal varieties grown and the relative proportions of straw to grain biomass.The spatial–temporal variation of biomass burning in June during the wheat harvest season in the North China (32–41°N, 111–120°E) and its influence on the regional aerosol optical depth (AOD) and the chemical compositions of size-segregated aerosols in the urban environment were investigated to evaluate the effectiveness of ...

At the grain maturity stage, the number of primary and secondary branches per panicle of the main shoot and their total lengths were measured. The weight of 100 well-filled matured grains was measured in an electronic balance and expressed as 100-grain weight.(a) Dry weight and (b) starch and (c) soluble carbohydrate concentration of grains of apical and basal spikelets of panicle on the main shoot of compact-panicle (Mahalaxmi and CR-29) and lax- panicle-panicle (Upahar and CR-45) rice cultivars on different days after anthesis. The vertical bars represent ±s.d. (n = 3). (Panda et al.This study examined the effects of phosphorus (P) application (0, 100, 250, 500, 1,000, and 1,300 mg P 2 O 5 pot ⁻¹ ) on the growth, grain yield, and certain quality parameters of unpolished ...The trend of variation of panicle dry weight (PaDW) was associated with that of time of flowering, with the largest PaDW and earliest flowering time observed for Rad2 and Rad3 (Fig. ... View...The fraction of dry matter partitioning to the panicle was calculated as the ratio of the panicle dry weight to the total shoot dry weight (Goudriaan and van Laar, 1994).The Sub1-introgression also depressed shoot biomass and other grain yield parameters like panicle grain weight, panicle number m −2 and filled grain% significantly (p** < 0.01) of both cultivars.Shoot dry weight (SDW), root dry weight (RDW), and root-shoot ratio of japonica rice cultivars from the tillering to maturity stage when grown with a deficient N, a intermediate and a sufficient N conditions in 2018, 2019. Each value is the mean (±SE) of three replicates.The dry weight of each sample was determined after oven-drying at 80 °C to a constant weight. The leaf area index (LAI) was calculated as the leaf blade area of the subsample divided by the total dry weight of the subsample multiplied by the dry weight of the total sample. The crop growth rate (CGR), the net assimilation rate (NAR), and the ...Yield-related traits. Panicle length, panicle weight, primary branch number, the total number of grains including sterile and fertile grains, inter-spikelet space, and sterility percentage were measured at the grain maturity stage. Further, panicle from the main shoot of the cultivars was harvested at an interval of 7 days from ...Of these, five major effect QTLs were identified for the following traits: total grain yield/plant (qYLD3-1), panicle weight (qPW3-1), plant height (qPH12-1), flag leaf width (qFLW4-1) and panicle ...

Harvest index was computed as filled-grain dry weight divided by shoot dry weight. Grain yield was calculated from the dry weight of the filled grains and converted at 14% moisture content while shoot biomass was expressed as shoot dry weight per area. At maturity, the 5-m 2 reserved area was sampled. Panicles were carefully ...Grain yield has been indirectly associated with tiller dry weight (DW) in winter wheat. It was proven that dry matter accumulation in the main stem (MS) of wheat shows a significant...Dry weights of the stubble, straw, rachis, and filled, partial filled, empty spikelets were measured after oven-drying at 80 °C to a constant weight. The total dry weight (TDW) of regenerated tillers was the summation of the dry weights of all organs excluding stubble from MC.Dry weight and water content/grain decreased with water stress. Grain dry weight increased significantly from panicle emergence to 18 days and thereafter there was no increase under the...The dry weight of the removed tillers for IR72 ranged from 7.7 to 105.0 g m −2 and from 15.6 to 116.5 g m −2 for SL8-H. Rapid tiller production occurred following tiller removal at the early date for both varieties (Fig. 2 b and f).Application of SMNT to a cultivar with 1–2 tillers exploited both tillering and kernel-number plasticity, increasing the mean grain yield by 20.5%. This increase was attributed primarily to an...Grain weight/tiller was positively correlated with tiller dry weight at heading, r = 0·76–0·96. Main shoots contributed about 81% of the total grain yield and 19% came from T 1 and T 2 tillers. Type Research Article Information The Journal of Agricultural Science , Volume 83 , Issue 1 , August 1974 , pp. 117 - 124Whilst long‐term average yield advantages were small (ranged from 31 to 51 kg ha‐1 yr‐1), across large dryland areas the value is large (potential cost‐benefits ranged from AUD 23 to 60 MIL yr‐1).Pre-anthesis dry matter contribution to grain yield (%) = 100 × dry matter remobilization amount/(dry weight of the grains per tiller at maturity - dry weight of the grains per...Cereal crop yield comprises interrelated components, among which the number of tillers is highly responsive to nitrogen fertilization. We addressed the hypothesis of whether the supply of ...

The dry matter or dry weight is a measure of the mass of a completely dried substance. Analysis of food [ edit ] The dry matter of plant and animal material consists of all its constituents excluding water.The forest products industry general uses a dry wood basis, the energy industry uses a wet wood basis. MC dry basis – mass of water in wood divided by the oven dry mass of wood (0 – 150%) MC wet basis – mass of water in wood divided by the original (green) mass (0 – 100%)Results showed that the sugarcane straw yield (dry mass) was 14.0 Mg ha−1, and the ratio of dry straw/fresh stalk was 12%. The composition of green tops and dry leaves differed...3-5 Strawberry Tops per cup; Use dry tops if you have dehydrated them; they will need a little more time to steep. 1 teaspoon fresh herbs of your choice (mint, basil, lemon balm, etc.) Water; Sweetener if desired; Directions. Add five or more strawberry tops to a mug. A large mug needs more tops! Add a few leaves of fresh herb(s) of ...Download scientific diagram | Wood density (dry mass/green volume) as a function of percent latewood for seven positions in 32 Douglas-fir trees in the western Cascade foothills from publication ...PDF | An integral approach to estimating stem green and dry masses for yellow-poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera L.) in West Virginia was compared with... | Find, read and cite all the research you ...Download scientific diagram | Aruana grass dry mass yield in the plant tops and roots in the first and second harvests as a function of N rates in the solution. from publication: Yield components ...Environmental Science. Ecology. Leaf dry mass per unit area (LMA) is a product of leaf thickness (T) and of density (D). Greater T is associated with greater foliar photosynthetic rates per unit area because of accumulation of photosynthetic compounds; greater D results in decreased foliage photosynthetic potentials per unit dry mass ...attributed, in part, to increased functional and visual "stay green". Rate of crop dry matter accumulation Rate of crop dry matter accumulation is the product of total incident solar radiation (Q, MJ m-2 d-1), the absorptance of incident solar radiation by the crop canopy (I A', %), and the efficiency of conversion of absorbed solar radiation into plant dry matter (Є, g dry matter MJ-1). In ...Ce top sans manches moulant livre une version originale d'un incontournable de toute garde-robe. Confectionné en pur coton vert pistache, il dessine un léger col bénitier et se révèle froncé sur les côtés, pour mettre en valeur votre silhouette et donner une impression de fluidité.

CHLOROPHYLLE-MèTRE SPAD 502 PLUS à pince. Les pinces à chlorophylle SPAD 502 Plus quantifient la santé de vos cultures. Mesure instantanément la teneur en chlorophylle des feuilles de plantes sur une échelle de 0,0 à 99,9; Mesures non invasives et non destructives Un graphique des tendances stocke et affiche jusqu’à 30 mesuresThe SPAD-502 chlorophyll meter (Konica Minolta Sensing, Inc., Osaka, Japan) calculates the SPAD value based on the intensity of light transmitted around 650 nm (red band) where absorption by chlorophyll is high and a reference wavelength around 940 nm [31].Since the chlorophyll content and the soil–plant analysis development (SPAD) value are positively correlated, it is feasible to predict the SPAD value by calculating the vegetation indices (VIs) through hyperspectral images, thereby evaluating the severity of plant diseases. However, current indices simply adopt few wavelengths of ...SPAD readings are calculated based on two transmission values: the transmission of red light at 650 nm, which is absorbed by chlorophyll and the transmission of infrared light at 940 nm, at...This research aimed to determine the formula to convert SPAD- 502 and atLEAF CHL PLUS values (relative indicator of chlorophyll content) to estimated (absolute) rubber leaves chlorophyll content. Twenty leaves of rubber plant were measured using SPAD- 502 and atLEAF CHL PLUS at the same time to determine SPAD-502 and atLEAF CHL PLUS values.The Soil Plant Analysis Development (SPAD) chlorophyll meter is one of the most commonly used diagnostic tools to measure crop nitrogen status. However, the measurement method of the meter could significantly affect the accuracy of the final estimation.A SPAD-502 Plus chlorophyll meter was used to determine a chlorophyll content index (CCI). Leaves of different greenness, with different extent of chlorosis due to N deficiency and CL-induced interveinal chlorosis were used. Five measurements were taken per leaf and averaged to provide a single CCI per leaf. The adaxial side of the ...A wide range of studies have demonstrated that, when calibrated, chlorophyll meters such as the Konica Minolta SPAD-502+, Opti-Sciences CCM-200, Apogee Instruments MC-100, and METOS DUALEX can provide accurate estimates of LCC for various plant species (Cerovic et al., 2012; Coste et al., 2010; Demarez et al., 1999; Markwell et al ...The SPAD-502 chlorophyll meter provides a rapid and non-destructive estimation of leaf chlorophyll density [31] and is widely used to monitor the N status of plants [39] and optimise N fertilizer management in rice [27], [48], [10], [20], [42].The SPAD-502 meter is a hand-held device that is widely used for the rapid, accurate and non-destructive measurement of leaf chlorophyll concentrations. It has been employed extensively in both research and agricultural applications, with a range of different plant species.

We compared biomass estimates for individual trees, plots, and at the landscape-scale using our locally-developed allometric equations, nationwide equations applied across the U.S., and the Forest Inventory and Analysis Component Ratio Method (FIA-CRM).Building on a LiDAR biomass index (LBI) developed for use with terrestrial laser scanning (TLS) data, we successfully developed an improved and robust LBI-based approach to estimate forest AGB at both individual tree and plot levels while minimizing the effort required for field data collection. This approach was tested for larch ...Direct measurement of the AGB of a tree requires that the tree be harvested and weighed to determine the total dry biomass of all its aboveground components.It was undertaken over the same site as the AfriSAR campaign from December 2017 to January 2018. A total of 27 plots were randomly sampled. Each measured 30.8 × 30.8 m, the size of which differed from those of the AfriSAR campaign (1-ha). Within each plot, the total number of trees (Na) were counted. Bole (trunk) diameters (D, cm) were ...We used plot data from temperate and tropical forest ecosystems to verify the effectiveness of the method, reconstructing a 1300 m 2 temperate plantation plot and a 5000 m 2 mingled forest plot, respectively.The total dry biomass was observed maximum in 5 × 4 m (244.52 Mg ha −1) and lowest in North–South boundary plantation (83.36 Mg ha −1). Moreover, 5 × 4 m planting geometry had proven superior in terms of higher biomass production than other planting geometries. The total biomass in different planting geometries followed the ...Based on field observations from Nepal’s national forest inventory of 2010–2014; the data set includes estimates for two major forest carbon pools, aboveground biomass (AGB) and soil organic...Introduction. Forest biomass (e.g., its storage, distribution, and dynamics) is crucial in monitoring the terrestrial carbon cycle, quantifying the renewable biomass resources, and evaluating other forest ecosystem services. Information on the distribution of forest above-ground biomass (AGB) is fundamental for decision-making in ...In this study, we evaluated the capability of terrestrial light detection and ranging (lidar) data in estimating field maize biomass at the plot, individual plant, leaf group, and individual organ (i.e., individual leaf or stem) levels.The standing above-ground biomass (AGB) of these forests constitutes about 80 % of terrestrial AGB, which amounts to 432 billion Mg of dry matter, (averaging 109 Mg ha −1; ). Within the forested area, increases in AGB (carbon) occur through growth, with rates of uptake greater for forests in the early stages of regeneration but ...

1. Introduction Biomass is an important measure of ecosystem productivity and is highly related to ecosystem structure and function ( Lohbeck et al., 2015 ). About 90% of the total aboveground biomass (AGB) of the terrestrial ecosystem is stored within forests ( Dixon et al., 1994; Guo et al., 2010 ).On a plot-level (a fixed size of 32 m × 32 m), approximately 97%, 93%, and 75% of individual trees could be recorded in easy (ca. 700 stems/ha), medium (ca. 900 stems/ha), and difficult stands (ca. 2, 200 stems/ha), respectively, using five-scan ), promising digitization can be expected for 87%, 69%, and 55% of individual trees in easy, medium a...The total biomass of 153 trees in the plantation plot was overestimated by 17.12 %, and the total biomass of 61 trees in the mingled forest plot was underestimated by 10.88 %. This method has the potential to be applied to a larger area, even if the requirements for memory and calculation time may increase with the increase of the ...Total aboveground biomass (kg/ha) Note: If harvesting all biomass in the harvest area is not possible, there is an alternative method of sampling a representative number of stems (e.g. 50 stems) to determine harvest index and estimate biomass from grain yield and harvest index.Total fresh grain weight (g) × Dry weight of grain subsample (g)] × 10,000 (5) Fresh weight of grain (g) Net harvest area (m2) 1000 Dry weight of chaff (kg/ha) = Dry weight of chaff (g) × 10,000 (6) 1000 Net harvest area (m2) Step 2: alculation of dry weight of biomass Dry weight of biomass (kg/ha) = [Total fresh biomass weight (g) ×where, B = Total tree biomass (kg), Bs = Stem biomass (kg), Bb = Branch biomass (kg), and Bf = Foliage biomass (kg) Forest soil organic carbon (SOC) Forest soil samplingStep 3: alculation of total aboveground biomass (oven-dried weight) and harvest index Total aboveground biomass (kg/ha) = Dry weight of grains (kg/ha) + Dry weight of straw (kg/ha) (7) Harvest index = Dry weight of grains (kg/ha) (8) Total aboveground biomass (kg/ha) ontributorThe results showed that terrestrial lidar data were useful for estimating maize biomass at all levels (at each level, R 2 was greater than 0.80), and biomass estimation at leaf group level was the most precise (R 2 = 0.97, RMSE = 2.22 g) among all four levels. All four regression techniques performed similarly at all levels.that biomass is uniformly distributed within the canopy projection, which is simple but not realistic. It was not until Kleinn et al. [27] and Pérez-Cruzado et al. [28] constructedplot was overestimated by 17.12 %, and the total biomass of 61 trees in the mingled forest plot was under- estimated by 10.88 %. We found that the uncertainty of aboveground biomass estimation in ...

The weight remaining is the dry matter (dm) of the sample. In this method, the temperature is sufficiently low enough for the sugars not to burn. When the sample contains a small amount of sugar (<4-5%), the 'normal' drying method can be used: a fixed amount of sample is dried in a drying oven at 103°C to a constant weight (> 4 hours).Dry matter is measured in the laboratory. A weighed sample of the substance mixture (sometimes called fresh mass) is taken and heated to over 100°C in the drying room in order to evaporate the residual moisture (mostly water). The remaining dry residue is weighed and proportioned.Dry matter refers to material remaining after removal of water, and the moisture content reflects the amount of water present in the feed ingredient. The nutrients in feeds, required by the animal for maintenance, growth, pregnancy, and lactation, are part of the DM portion of the feed.Dry matter (DM) is defined as the remaining proportion of the sample after drying to constant weight at a defined temperature and after compensation for loss of volatile compounds in certain feeds (e.g. silage).Dry Matter or Total Solids refers to the percentage of material remaining after removal of water. The animal feed, pet food, and forage industry uses the term “dry matter.” The human food, water, manure and compost industry uses the term “total solids.”The dry matter or dry weight is a measure of the mass of a completely dried substance. Analysis of food The dry matter of plant and animal material consists of all its constituents excluding water. The dry matter of food includes carbohydrates, fats, proteins, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants (e.g., thiocyanate, anthocyanin, and quercetin ).Objectives of this study were 1) to compare fixed-time hand rinsing to fixed-time machine rinsing, 2) to evaluate effects of length of machine rinsing, and 3) to evaluate effects of numbers of bags simultaneously rinsed on DM remaining, DM disappearance, and their SE.The remaining dry matter consists of carbon (C), oxygen, hydrogen (H) and small amounts of sulphur (S), nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), potassium (K), calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg). Although present in small amounts, these nutrients are very important from the viewpoint of soil fertility management.Dry matter accumulation (DMA) and dry matter partitioning (DMP) are important physiological processes determining crop yield formation (Kumar et al., 2006). In agro-ecosystems, crop yield is not only dependent on DMA, but also closely related to efficient allocation of dry matter to harvested organs ( Zhang et al., 2019 ).Most of the remaining dry matter (i.e., 10–20% w/w) is composed of soluble sugars (e.g., fructose, glucose, sucrose, sorbitol) and more complex soluble and insoluble polysaccharides such as ...

operation (September 28, 2020). The cotton stalk moisture content was maintained in its natural state from its time in the field. The average value of the cotton stalk moisture content was 66.4%. Tests were carried out immediately after the samples were taken, and all of the mechanical measurements were performed in a laboratory setting usingIn this paper, the friction characteristics of cotton stalks were studied using response surface methodology, and the influence of the variation in contact materials, sampling location, and moisture content on the static sliding friction coefficient (ms) and stable static rolling angle (js) were analyzed.(moisture content, particle size, bulk density and porosity) of corn cobs, leaves and stalks were determined in this study. The moisture contents were 6.38, 7.92 and 6.40% of the cobs, leaves and stalks, respectively. The cobs had the highest weight percentage (18.23%) of the small particles (<0.212 mm) and the leaves hadChopped cotton stalks having a moisture content varying from 8.5% to 21.45% (w.b.) were densified into square blocks (80 mm by 80 mm) at compression pressures ranging between 13.79 and 34.47 MPa and a dwell time of 1 min, using a vertical compaction machine. Physical characteristics of blocks, namely bulk density, compression ratio ...In this study, a hyperspectral imaging system has been developed to evaluate and visualize the Brix values and moisture contents in sugarcane stalks to be used as a tool for breeding programmes. After extracting the spectral data via ENVI coding, data in the wavelength range of 450–950 nm were used to generate prediction models for ...The moisture content of the fresh cotton stalks was 46.13% to 69.8% wet basis. During the field sampling performed on 8 October, 2021, cotton plants with few branches, no damage, good straightness, and small variation in main stem diameter were selected as test samples.Stalks with mean moisture content of 70.05 ± 2.42%, 48.12 ± 1.19%, 28.14. ±2.02% and 18.14 ± 2.22% were subjected to cutting using three ground speeds (2.5 kmh −1, 5.0 kmh −1 and 7.5 kmh −1) and three machine speeds (30°, 45° and 60°), and the cutting properties—length of cut (LC) and length remaining in the soil (LS)—were measured with tape mea...It was concluded that an increase in moisture content of stem leads to a decrease in the tensile strength, bending stress, Young's modulus, torsional stress, modulus of rigidity and to an increase in shear strength and shearing energy.It was observed that the maximum cutting energy of 583.37 kJ were observed for 26 mm stalk girth with 10 ±5 % (w.b) moisture content and minimum cutting energy of 72.32 kJ was observed at 30 ± 5 % (w.b) moisture content (w.b) for 14 mm stalk girth.Particle size and moisture content also affected the SV of fungi. The highest SV 2.55 after 20 days of pretreatment was observed in 5 mm cotton stalk particles at 75% moisture content (Table 1). The SV decreased to 2.15, when particle size of cotton stalks decreased to 1 mm with 75% moisture content, due to the high cellulose loss ...

Crop yield is a standard measurement of the amount of agricultural production harvested—yield of a crop—per unit of land area. Crop yield is the measure most often used for cereal,...Crop yields are the harvested production per unit of harvested area for crop products. In most of the cases yield data are not recorded, but are obtained by dividing the production data by the data on area harvested.The order of operations can vary but this procedure calculates yields via the follow steps: 1) adjust harvested grain moisture to standard moisture, 2) convert harvested area to acres, 3) calculate pounds per acre, 4) calculate bu ac-1 (or convert to SI units). Yields need to be calculated independently for every experimental unit (e.g., plot).Cereal yield vs. fertilizer use; Cereal yields; Change in cereal production, yield, land use and population; Crop yields; How much cropland has the world spared due to increases in crop yields? Almond yields; Area of land needed to meet global vegetable oil demand; Area of land needed to produce one tonne of vegetable oil; Banana yields; Barley ...In this method, yield in one or more subplots is measured and total yield per unit area is calculated as total production divided by total harvested area in the crop cut plot or subplot. The number of sub-plots and area of each sub-plot to be selected for yield estimation through crop cuts depends on the resources availability and level of ...the crop was produced. The estimation of yield can be calculated using kernel weight at harvest, plot area harvested, plant density, and moisture content of grain at harvest. For instance, to get the full expression of maize yield potential, the plants must be at optimum density. In some circumstances,Crop yields in alley cropping decreased on average with 2.6% per year over the first 21 years of the tree stand, indicating increasing competitive effects of the trees with their age.Under the higher yield levels (>15 Mg/ha), the average grain yield, DM, and HI were 16.91 Mg/ha (range: 15.03–20.70 Mg/ha), 30.71 Mg/ha (range: 22.06–38.83 Mg/ha), and 0.54 (range: 0.43–0.64), respectively; under the lower yield levels (<15 Mg/ha), the average grain yield, DM, and HI were 10.15 Mg/ha (range: 3.43–14.99 Mg/ha), 22.35 Mg ...Crop yield (production per unit harvested area) is an essential variable in many disciplines. Global yield datasets for the historical past have increasingly been used to analyze...Grain yield (kg/ha) = [(sample Yield per plot (kg) x 10,000)] / [(number sub-samples x segment length (metres) x row spacing (metres)] For example, if 2 kilograms are harvested from 20 measured segments in a plot, each segment is 2 metres long, and average row spacing is 0.75 metres then:

the leaching of dissolved organic matter contained in standing dead leaves (Angst et al. 2022; Wang et al. 2017). Due to the low temperature in winter, micro-bial activity is expected to be limited. Both micro-bial activity and abiotic processes can inuence the decomposition of standing dead leaves. It is currentlyHere, the authors turn dead leaves into an active material which acts as bioplastic and shows high performance in solar water evaporation, photocatalytic H2 production and antibiotic...Leaf dry matter content, also known as the leaf mass per area (LMA), is an indicator of vegetation growing condition. It is defined as the ratio of leaf dry mass to leaf area (unit, g / c m 2 ), and is widely used a key parameter for studies of terrestrial ecosystem monitoring ( Schimel et al., 2015 ), species identification ...Plant litter (also leaf litter, tree litter, soil litter, litterfall or duff) is dead plant material (such as leaves, bark, needles, twigs, and cladodes) that have fallen to the ground. This detritus or dead organic material and its constituent nutrients are added to the top layer of soil, commonly known as the litter layer or O ...In this study, with the increase of dust deposition on leaves, the dry matter content and tissue density of leaves increased significantly. This shows that plants use more resources for the construction of defense structures in order to reduce the damage degree of leaves.Understanding the rate at which leaves decay can help scientists predict this global flux of carbon dioxide, and develop better models for climate change. But this is a thorny problem: A single leaf may undergo different rates of decay depending on a number of variables: local climate, soil, microbes and a leaf’s composition.In terrestrial ecosystems, fungi and bacteria that enter soils with dead leaves often play prominent roles in decomposition, but their role in aquatic decomposition is less known. Here, we test ...Based on the very limited empirical data available, we hypothesized that variation in species traits including leaf (litter) pH, within and between ecosystems contrasting in soil pH, would have stronger effects on leaf litter decomposition rates than variation in soil chemistry would.Leaf dry matter content (LDMC) is widely used as an indicator of plant resource use in plant functional trait databases. Two main methods have been proposed to measure LDMC, which basically differ in the rehydration procedure to which leaves are subjected after harvesting.Total dry matter yield in sweet sorghum is positively correlated with total leaf area, leaf area index (LAI), at anthesis (Ferraris, 1981). LAI also appeared to have a direct influence on Brix ( Choudhari et al., 1987 ).

This briefing presents the information on soil carbon that can be extracted from the 2021 national greenhouse gas inventories, as reported by EU Member States for the year 2019. It also gives an overview on the status of soil carbon pools across Europe.Integrated to a depth of 1 m, global soil carbon has a mean age of 4,830 ± 1,730 yr, with older carbon in deeper layers and permafrost regions. In contrast, vertically resolved land models ...Soil carbon (C) plays a key role in mitigating and adapting to global climate change. In-situ soil C measurement has faced many challenges including those related to aerial coverage, economics, accuracy, and availability.In this study, we take advantage of a global data set of SOC measurements in 113,013 soil profiles across the globe 29 which includes 2,703 soil profiles in the northern hemisphere permafrost ...Abstract. Sustainable soil carbon sequestration practices need to be rapidly scaled up and implemented to contribute to climate change mitigation. We highlight that the major potential for carbon ...That paper concluded by presenting a future vision for a global framework to assess soil carbon change, based on a combination of mathematical models, spatial data to drive the models, short- and long-term data to evaluate the models, and a network of benchmarking sites to verify estimated changes.How to measure, report and verify soil carbon change to realize the potential of soil carbon sequestration for atmospheric greenhouse gas removal. Glob. Chang Biol. 26 , 219–241 (2020).Abstract. This review covers the current and emerging analytical methods used in laboratory, field, landscape and regional contexts for measuring soil organic carbon (SOC) sequestration in agricultural soil. Soil depth plays an important role in estimating SOC sequestration.This chapter explores those issues and discusses various SOC measurement methods. Soil organic carbon is an extremely important soil health indicator because it influences almost all soil biological, chemical, and physical properties and processes. Development of conservation agriculture practices has increased SOC.

Ground cover was estimated from LiDAR using two methodologies: red reflectance image and canopy height. In contrast to NDVI, LiDAR was not affected by saturation at high ground cover, and the comparison of both LiDAR methodologies showed strong association (r2 = 0.92 and slope = 1.02) at ground cover above 0.8. For above-ground ...Leaf area index is the one-sided, green leaf area of a canopy or plant community per unit ground area. To directly measure LAI, you would have to measure the area of each leaf in the canopy above a unit of ground area. Because this method is both destructive and incredibly time consuming, it is rarely used. All other measurements ofmean NAR, instantaneous NAR can be estimated by calculating rate of dry matter accumulation at time t (i.e., by differentiating the "growth curve" at time = t) and measuring LAI at time = t. Exponential “Linear” Leveling off 0 5 10 15 20 16 June 26 June 6 July 26 July 15 Aug. 4 Sept. 24 Sept. 14 Oct. Exponential “Linear” Leveling offThese sub-factors include variables, such as residue cover, canopy cover, canopy height, below-ground biomass (root mass plus incorporated residue) and time. The SLR’s are calculated for several time intervals during a year and multiplied by the corresponding percentage of annual rainfall erosivity to estimate the C-factor. This ...Where estimates of the fraction of ground surface covered by vegetation, f c, are available, the K d is estimated as: (9) K d = m i n 1, M L f c e f f, f c e f f 1 1 + h where f c eff is the effective fraction of ground covered or shaded by vegetation [0.01–1] near solar noon, M L is a multiplier on f c eff describing the effect of ...The crop water need always refers to a crop grown under optimal conditions, i.e. a uniform crop, actively growing, completely shading the ground, free of diseases, and favourable soil conditions (including fertility and water). The crop thus reaches its full production potential under the given environment. The crop water need mainly depends on:In the crop coefficient approach the crop evapotranspiration, ET c, is calculated by multiplying the reference crop evapotranspiration, ET o, by a crop coefficient, K c : ET c = K c ET o (56) where ET c crop evapotranspiration [mm d -1 ], K c crop coefficient [dimensionless], ET o reference crop evapotranspiration [mm d -1 ].The average estimation accuracy of percentage ground cover from WDVI was of the same magnitude as that of the conventional methods, i.e. about 5 per cent (absolute value) for potato and beet for the whole growing season, and about 5 per cent at low ground cover to 10-12 per cent at high ground cover for the cereals in the vegetative ...K cb full can be adjusted for tree crops by multiplying by a reduction factor (F r) estimated using a mean leaf stomatal resistance term. The estimate for basal crop coefficient, K cb, is further...The FAO-56 procedure for estimating the crop coefficient K c as a function of fraction of ground cover and crop height has been formalized in this study using a density coefficient K d. The density coefficient is multiplied by a basal K c representing full cover conditions, K cb full, to produce a basal crop coefficient that ...

Last Updated: 10 Sep 2023. PDF | Recovery of plants after water stress events represents their high suitability for the urban condition areas. Reaction to drought and recovery of... | Find, read ...Restoration and management for plant diversity resulted in 250% higher plant richness. Greater recovery of roots and more predictable recovery of the active microbial biomass across the high diversity management strategy chronosequence corresponded with faster recovery of soil structure.The average resistance and recovery rate of evergreen and deciduous forests during moderate droughts exhibited high spatial variability in China’s forest ecosystems ( Fig. 3 a, b). Highly resistant forests had a low recovery rate, whereas forests with low resistance had a high recovery rate.We identified trees, shrubs and vines ≥2.5 cm DBH in a chronosequence comprising 33 sites, aged 3–60 yr since the formation of closed canopy (9–69 yr since pasture abandonment) and compared them with eight sites in nearby mature forest remnants.We also found that soil water content around dominant slow-growing species was 1.5–3 times greater than for fast-growing species in both seasons. Therefore, reforestation based on monoculture plantings of fast-growing species seems difficult to effectively recover the soil water content.The LD indices (e.g., LD 50), reflecting plant dehydration tolerance, varied with all the tested factors, revealing that plant survival and post-drought recovery depend on VPD levels and plant–plant interactions for a given plant species and population.Assessments of the restoration performance over different ecosystems worldwide show that, when traditional restoration guidelines based on the recovery of those simple metrics are followed; (1)...The present article reviews available literature on the recovery process examined in various plant species, in response to several metals (Al, Cd, Cu, Ni, Pb, Zn), applied at different concentrations and treatment duration. The reviewed studies have been carried out in laboratory conditions.It follows that assessment of plant recovery, as is commonly performed after a given number of days of dehydration, may identify survival mainly by way of dehydration avoidance, while the resolution of dehydration tolerance requires normalized RWC at the point of recovery.Moreover, there are various examples from other species including algae, plants, insects, marine invertebrates and humans where the proportion surviving to maximum age is also equal or close...

This theory, narrowed down to sugar nutrients, states that a minimal level of sugar assimilates needs to reach the apex (flowering) or lateral bud (removal of apical dominance) before floral transition or lateral bud outgrowth is initiated.This paper shows data of sugarcane stem height on plots selected by reflectance sensor during two growing seasons compared to biomass accumulation and N-uptake on commercial sugarcane fields ...grower will be discussed. Reference is made to the botany of the cane stem, cane leaves and root system. This is an introduction to the development of the cane plant. 2.1 The Stem Sugar cane is propagated vegetatively from cuttings with a limited number of buds, each of which may develop into a primary stem. As a consequence of the development ...On these experimental shoots (>150 cm long), all buds were removed leaving only the apical 10 cm of the shoot intact with 3–4 buds. On each tree, three branches were girdled at 10, 20 or 40 cm from the apex and one branch was left as a control (non-girdled). Girdling was done using a dull razor blade to avoid cutting into xylem. A ...A greater rate of phloem unloading and storage in the stem, not a higher rate of sugar production by photosynthesis or sugar export from leaves, is the mai Physiology and whole-plant carbon partitioning during stem sugar accumulation in sweet dwarf sorghum | SpringerLinkThis theory, narrowed down to sugar nutrients, states that a minimal level of sugar assimilates needs to reach the apex (flowering) or lateral bud (removal of apical dominance) before floral transition or lateral bud outgrowth is initiated.This study aims to determine the physical properties of sugar palm stem including moisture content, density, and shrinkage volume as well as the chemical properties such as solubility of extractive substances in cold water and solubility of extractive substances in hot water.The present study examined whether the apparent association between sugar accumulation in the stem and plant height is the result of selection, or dictated by physiological or genetic constraints. The data from the complementary experiments reported in this study indicate that sorghums do not have to be tall in order to accumulate ...The samples were prepared by using eight biological replicates of each tissue (L1, I1, I5, I9) and sampling points (C1, C2, C3 and C4), that is four replicates from one plot and four from another plot. Pools of two samples each were made to reduce within-sample variation, rendering four biological replicates. The frozen samples were homogenized and aliquots of approximately 50 mg tissue powder ...To identify the constraints on stem sugar accumulation in sweet sorghum, we used a combination of carbon-11 ( 11 C) radiotracer, physiological and biochemical approaches, and compared a grain sorghum and sweet dwarf sorghum line that have similar growth characteristics including height. Photosynthesis did not increase during development or ...

Canopy height 1. Introduction The Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) is the first spaceborne lidar mission optimized for high-resolution ecosystem structure measurements within the coverage of International Space Station (ISS).A new, 30-m spatial resolution global forest canopy height map was developed through the integration of the Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation ( GEDI) lidar forest structure measurements and Landsat analysis-ready data time-series.3) Canopy height showed high heritability from all datasets, and 3D sensing datasets had even higher heritability (H2 = 0.79–0.89) than FM (field measurement) (H2 = 0.77). Finally, outliers of different datasets are analyzed. The results provide novel insights into different methods for canopy height measurement that may ensure the ...Canopy Height Model (CHM): the height or residual distance between the ground and the top of the of objects above the ground. This includes the actual heights of trees, builds and any other objects on the earth’s surface. This CHM is created by subtracting the DTM from the DSM.Canopy height serves as a good indicator of forest carbon content. Remote sensing-based direct estimations of canopy height are usually based on Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) or Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) interferometric data.We selected four pine stands to assess the effect of horizontal resolution on lidar-based canopy height measurement. The case studies represented stands with: (1) dense, homogeneous canopy cover; (2) small gaps; (3) narrow, linear gaps between planted rows; and (4) large, irregularly shaped gaps.Here we present a comprehensive global canopy height map at 10 m ground sampling distance for the year 2020. We have developed a probabilistic deep learning model that fuses sparse height...Methods for measuring the height of trees mainly include traditional measurements and remote sensing inversions. Traditional canopy height measurement relies on the manual use of optical measuring instruments (e.g., altimeters or laser range finders) to calculate the height of trees.

I am not quite sure if it is possible to use the formula: RGR (H)= (H2-H1)/H/ (t2-t1) where H is the mean of plant height during the period (t2-t1), which is modified from plant relative...Plant growth rate can be measured as the relative increase in leaf area over time, by substituting total plant leaf area for total biomass in the conventional RGR equation. RGR A = (ln LA 2 −ln LA 1) / ( t 2 − t 1) (6.14)Modelling individual plant growth. The strategy of modelling individual plant growth is straightforward: 1) A suitable function of relative growth rate is selected from Table 1 or from other publications. 2) A primary plant size characteristic is identified, e.g. tree volume.In the case of two harvests, RGR can be simply calculated as [3] [4] In the case of more harvests, a linear equation can be fitted through the ln-transformed size data. The slope of this line gives an estimate of the average RGR for the period under investigation, with units of g.g −1 .day −1.We demonstrate a variety of nonlinear models that are appropriate for modelling plant growth and, for each, show how to calculate function-derived growth rates, which allow unbiased comparisons among species at a common time or size. We show how to propagate uncertainty in estimated parameters to express uncertainty in growth rates ...time that passed between the two height measurements. For example, if you measured a plant that was 3 cm tall on Day 4 and 10 cm tall on Day 6, you would have: Growth Rate = (10 cm – 3 cm)/(6 days – 4 days) = 7 cm/2 days = 3.5 cm/day. The unit of time here is days. For any type of rate equation, a change in time will always be used. TheThe simplest index of plant growth; a rate of change in size, an increment in size per unit time. Most commonly applied to total dry weight or total leaf area per plant. Symbol and definition G, the rate of increase of total dry weight per plant, W. Dimensions and units MT-\ e.g. gday-1. Formulae Instantaneously, G = d Wjdt.At the ecosystem level, growth is often conceptualised as net biomass accumulation per unit land surface area and time. In this paper, we review these various facets of plant growth at different levels from cells to organs, plants, and ecosystems (the ‘what’). We emphasize that each facet can be defined using corresponding ...The leaf area index can be used to calculate the instantaneous crop growth rate (at any time t) which serves as a simple index of agricultural productivity. This is defined as (2.12) C = E×L= 1 P × dW dt = 1 s 1 dW dt × s 1 P and is expressed in terms of the weight per unit area and time (Kg m −2 s −1).The simplest index of plant growth; a rate of change in size, an increment in size per unit time. Most commonly applied to total dry weight or total leaf area per plant. Keywords. Relative Growth Rate; Intrinsic Rate; Total Leaf Area; Logistic Growth; Simple Index; These keywords were added by machine and not by the authors. This process is ...

Around 68% of heights will fall within one standard deviation of the mean height; 95% within two standard deviations; and 99.7% within three. If we know the mean and standard deviation of heights, we have a good understanding of how heights vary across a population.Here, standard deviation is a measure of how spread out human height is. A larger standard deviation means a greater variation in height. The standard deviation automatically set in the height percentile calculator is approximated from Centers for Disease Control and World Health Organization data [1,2,3]. Specific countries will vary somewhat ...I am looking at the following: The average tallest men live in Netherlands and Montenegro mit 1.83 m= 183 cm. The average shortest men live in Indonesia mit 1.58 m= 158 cm. The standard deviation of the height in Netherlands/Montenegro is 9.7 cm and in Indonesia it is 7.8 cm.Health care professionals sometimes convert height, weight or body mass index (BMI) measurements to standard deviation scores (SDS). The standard deviation is a measure of the amount of variation or spread of a set of values around the mean or average (also called the expected value).In a normal curve, there is a specific relationship between its “height” and its “width.” Normal curves can be tall and skinny or they can be short and fat. They are all symmetric, unimodal, and centered at \(\mu\), the population mean.Standard deviation (SD) for height by age (WHO 2006 growth standard) Source publication +1 Using height-for-age differences (HAD) instead of height-for-age z-scores (HAZ) for the...This means that most men (about 68%, assuming a normal distribution) have a height within 3 inches of the mean ( 67–73 inches ) – one standard deviation – and almost all men (about 95%) have a height within 6 inches of the mean ( 64–76 inches ) – two standard deviations.The standard normal distribution, also called the z-distribution, is a special normal distribution where the mean is 0 and the standard deviation is 1. Every normal distribution is a version of the standard normal distribution that’s been stretched or squeezed and moved horizontally right or left.Published on September 17, 2020 by Pritha Bhandari . Revised on June 21, 2023. The standard deviation is the average amount of variability in your dataset. It tells you, on average, how far each value lies from the mean.Regarding the change in the height SDS from birth to 3 years of age, 33.4% of children increased more than 0.5 SDs, 39.8% of children decreased more than 0.5 SDs, and 34.4% of children remained within ±0.5 SDs. The change in height SDS displayed a strong positive correlation with the change in weight during the four periods.

6ft 2 (188 cm) Rudy. Rick Worthy. 6ft 2 (188 cm) Alaric. Matthew Davis. 6ft 0 (183 cm) John Gilbert. David Anders.The Vampire Diaries Cast Heights: Sorted by Tallest to Smallest Benjamin Ayres (6ft 2") Rick Worthy (6ft 2") Matthew Davis (6ft 0") Chris Wood (5ft 11") Steven R. McQueen (5ft 11") Todd Williams (5ft 11") Taylor Kinney (5ft 10") Sterling Sulieman (5ft 10") Paul Wesley (5ft 10") Michael Malarkey (5ft 9") Penelope Mitchell (5ft 8")Steven R. McQueen: 33, Single, 6’, Cancer Known mainly for playing Elena's fierce but annoying little brother, Jeremy, Steven R. McQueen is one of the few actors who still features in The Vampire Diaries universe and makes a few appearances in the spinoff, Legacies.Vampire Diaries, ou Journal d'un vampire au Québec, (The Vampire Diaries) est une série télévisée américaine développée par Kevin Williamson et Julie Plec.Elle a été diffusée du 10 septembre 2009 au 10 mars 2017 sur The CW aux États-Unis et en simultané sur CTV pour la première saison puis sur /A\ / CTV Two pour les autres saisons au Canada.The Vampire Diaries Heights Shortest Tallest Katerina Graham 5ft 1 or 157 cm Mouzam Makkar 5ft 2 or 160 cm Tristin Mays 5ft 4 or 163 cm Nina Dobrev 5ft 4 or 165 cm Sara Canning 5ft 4 or 165 cm Kayla Ewell 5ft 5 or 166 cm Persia White 5ft 6 or 168 cm Kristen Gutoskie 5ft 6 or 170 cm Candice Accola 5ft 6 or 170 cm Penelope Mitchell 5ft 8 or 173 cmDescriptions tirées de la série The Vampire Diaries Personnages principaux Personnages secondaires Invités Personnages Principaux Elena Gilbert Age : 17 Yeux : Marrons Cheveux : Châtains Espèce : Humaine Interprétée par : Nina Dobrev Présentation : Réservée et sensible, elle se réfugie souvent au cimetière de Mystic Falls pour se recueillir sur la tombeNous voudrions effectuer une description ici mais le site que vous consultez ne nous en laisse pas la possibilité.The Vampire Diaries follows the life of Elena Gilbert, who falls in love with a centuries old vampire named Stefan Salvatore and his brother Damon Salvatore, also a vampire. This draws Elena and her friends into the supernatural world of Mystic Falls. The Originals is The Vampire Diaries's first spin-off, and centers on Niklaus Mikaelson and ...The Vampire Diaries By Kari Croop, Common Sense Media Reviewer age 15+ Blood, violence are the real draw in angsty vampire drama. TV CW Drama 2009 Add your rating Parents Say: age 13+ 127 reviews Any Iffy Content? Read more Talk with Your Kids About… Read more A Lot or a Little? What you will—and won't—find in this TV show. Positive MessagesMichael Trevino was 24 when he was cast as Tyler Lockwood, a roughly 16 or 17-year-old high school student. Michael Trevino on the first season of "The Vampire Diaries" and in 2016. The CW and VCG via Getty Images. Tyler is a werewolf but still ages for much of the show's run. Trevino was 32 when the show ended.

TVD schemes develop formulae for interpolation of a cell-face value of the transported variable. If the interpolated value is bounded by the neighbouring nodal values then the scheme is ‘Bounded’. However, not all TVD schemes possess this property of ‘Boundedness’.this paper we propose some natural limitations on the interpolated values between two mesh points and we establish in the third part su cient conditions that prove that the resulting scheme is TVD.However, even second-order discretisation schemes, which at first appear to be inherently interpolative bounded, such as central differencing via linear interpolation to faces, can produce an oscillatory solution in regions of steep property gradient.Higher-order TVD interpolation in multi-dimension is developed. The major advantage of MHTVD (Multi-dimensional Higher-order TVD) is the com-plete multi-dimensional monotonic characteristics and it is possible to be more than 3rd order spatial accuracy. In addition, MHTVD shows good con-vergence characteristics and is computationally eﬃcient ...The TVDal scheme has also been applied to model tidally induced internal lee waves, indicating that TVDal has the potential ability to balance the numerical compression and diffusion of conventional TVD schemes for cases with highly nonlinear, stratified, and nonhomogeneous flow fields.A numerical scheme is presented for accurate simulation of fluid flow using the lattice Boltzmann equation (LBE) on unstructured mesh. A finite volume approach is adopted to discretize the LBE on a cell-centered, arbitrary shaped, triangular tessellation.Taking advantage of FUNWAVE-TVD model's capacity to employ rapidly varying terrains and steep slopes in the surf zone, this study provides significant insights into the sediment transport dynamics in a variety of coastal engineering applications.This article discusses adjusting inverse distance interpolation for use in unstructured mesh finite volume solutions. The adjustment was made on the weight function of the inverse distance ...Present a numerical technique that is based on IMM coupled with TVD scheme to solve the incompressible Navier–Stokes equations with heat transfer. Show that this TVD–IMM algorithm gives a very good results even at high Rayleigh numbers.The interpolated primitive variables on cell boundaries are determined by using the third-order MUSCL method. The solution of the fluid flow is advanced in time by using the second-order TVD Runge–Kutta scheme. The proposed coupling method updates the burning surface and grid classification once when the movement distance is ...

Because wells are not always drilled vertically, there may be two "depths" for every given point in a wellbore: the measured depth (MD) measured along the path of the borehole, and the true vertical depth (TVD), the vertical distance between the datum and the point of interest.Typically, the maximum inclination is reduced to zero at Dt with drop radius R1, derived in the same manner as the build radius, R. KBTVD BG: Distance from the surface location to the KOP; KBTVD AG: True vertical Depth of well (KBTVD); B-D: Distance from KOP to the bottom of the hole (MD);INFLUX HEIGHT FRACTURE MUD WEIGHT/GRADIENT/PRESSURE FORMULAS GAS KICK ASSOCIATED FORMULAS DRILLING MUD-ASSOCIATED CALCULATIONS IN WELL CONTROL WELL CONTROL EQUIPMENT RELATED FORMULAS HYDROSTATIC PRESSURE (all depths TVD): Constants: PPG x FT x .052 = PSI, SG x FT x .433 = PSI, SG x MT x 1.42 = PSI, PPG x MT x .171 = PSI, SG x MT x .098 = BARS,1. n. [Drilling] The vertical distance from a point in the well (usually the current or final depth) to a point at the surface, usually the elevation of the rotary kelly bushing (RKB). This is one of two primary depth measurements used by the drillers, the other being measured depth.Total variation diminishing. In numerical methods, total variation diminishing (TVD) is a property of certain discretization schemes used to solve hyperbolic partial differential equations. The most notable application of this method is in computational fluid dynamics. The concept of TVD was introduced by Ami Harten.Where: MAASP = Maximum allowable annular surface pressure (psi) MW = Mud weight in hole (SG) Pleak = Leak-off pressure at the open hole weak point (psi) SF = Safety factor (psi) TVDwp = Vertical depth at the open hole weak point (m) Or the TVD in feet and the coefficient is 0.433.https://doi.org/10.1016/j.oceaneng.2023.116070. The performance accuracy of FUNWAVE-TVD model in modeling harbor oscillations induced by solitary waves is evaluated. The optimal values of inherent parameters of the wave model for simulation accuracy and numerical stability are investigated.Semi-discrete steady-state TVD schemes. This section provides a brief review of various SS-TVD schemes designed for the steady-state solution of the 1D advection equation: (29) q t = − ( a q) x where q denotes the dependent variable and a is the advection velocity.Total variation diminishing (TVD) advection schemes are widely used in ocean modelling. Due to the constraints of flux limiters, TVD schemes with common single flux limiters of second-order or third-order accuracy exhibit defects associated with numerical compression or diffusion.Download scientific diagram | Envelope of maximum computed wave elevation with FUNWAVE-TVD in spherical (2') Pacific grid for the UA co-seismic source : (upper panel) difference between maximum ...

Ian Somerhalder: 43, Married, 5’8’’, Sagittarius. Damon Salvatore was played by Ian Somerhalder, who was 30 at the time of first filming the show (and is now 43-years-old). Much like his character in the series, Somerhalder is a hilarious Sagittarius and was born on December 8, 1972. He married Nikki Reed in 2015, who is a fellow Vampire ...Streamer gets his height exposed. Hi! This is our community moderation bot. If this post fits the purpose of r/WatchPeopleDieInside, UPVOTE this comment!! If this post does not fit the subreddit, DOWNVOTE This comment! If this post breaks the rules, DOWNVOTE this comment and REPORT the post! This fuckers four one, he’s a real life hobbit!!!PROFILE/MADERA REPLACEMENT STEM CAP. $ 26.99 – $ 31.99 Select options.Un fichier Stem permet à un DJ ou à un artiste se produisant en live de jouer différents éléments d’une chanson. Par exemple, un fichier stem est composé du chant, de la batterie, de ligne de basse et de la mélodie. Native Instruments a développé cette technique, mais dans les grandes lignes, elle n’est pas nouvelle !September 14, 2022. 27min. TV-MA. Mr G takes over the drama department, naming himself the Director of Performing Arts and causing chaos at the school. Ja’mie has her first day at Summer Heights High, joining the popular group and assaulting them with her views on public education.6ft 2 or 188 cm. The Vampire Diaries Heights. On this site you will find the world largest database of celebrities height. Ever wondered how tall a celebrity is?crystal gems. Based on smaller height Steven. Rose Quartz: 8’0” - 8’2” (243 cm - 248 cm) Garnet: 7’8” - 7’9” (233 cm - 236 cm) Ruby: 4’7” (139 cm) Sapphire: 4’7” (139 cm) Pearl: 6’4” (193 cm) Lapis: 5’10” - 6’0” (177 cm - 182 cm) Amethyst: 4’7” - 4’9” (139 cm - 144 cm)LiveTV France - c'est tous les evenements sportifs en direct, gratuit!Summer Heights High: With Chris Lilley, Asolima Tauati, Iro Utaifeau, Zach Fa'atoe. The life of a public school epitomized by disobedient student Jonah Takalua, self-absorbed private school exchange student Ja'mie King, and megalomaniac drama teacher Mr. G.Regarder les streams et diffusions vidéos en direct en ligne - football, hockey sur glace, tennis et beaucoup d'autres types de sport sur LiveTV. Dernières nouvelles sportives. Résumés de matchs et buts.

Meilleur TV gaming Samsung Pourquoi choisir The Frame Pourquoi Samsung Smart TVLoad More. Livestream.com Follow SUM TV's profile on Livestream for updates on live events.Avez-vous déjà commencé à travailler avec Stems ? Qu’en pensez-vous ? N’hésitez pas à laisser un commentaire ci-dessous ! Qu’en pensez-vous ? N’hésitez pas à laisser un commentaire ci-dessous !Ian Somerhalder: 43, Married, 5’8’’, Sagittarius. Damon Salvatore was played by Ian Somerhalder, who was 30 at the time of first filming the show (and is now 43-years-old). Much like his character in the series, Somerhalder is a hilarious Sagittarius and was born on December 8, 1972. He married Nikki Reed in 2015, who is a fellow Vampire ...By. Flashlight237. Published: Sep 21, 2015. 46 Favourites. 48 Comments. 22.7K Views. drama height heights island size tdi total heightchart sizecomparison. So yeah, this is a complete height chart of every TD contestant and the 3 staff members (Chris, Chef, and Don). In this chart, the scale is 1000 pixels=69 inches.De nombreux classements des ligues de football sont également à votre disposition. D'autre part, un grand nombre de sources de diffusions classés par chaînes vous est proposés sur le site de la télévision et radio sur internet.I first watched Summer Heights High when it first came out and have watched it semi-regularly ever since. SHH is by far one of the funniest things I have ever seen - the characters are so varied but timeless. Perfect if you have a wicked sense if humour whilst giving an insight into Australia.The Vampire Diaries Heights. Shortest Tallest.I figured out how to do this, just in case any one else needs to implement something similar. Once you've connected your Table View with an outlet and added the UITableViewDelegate and UITableViewDataSource protocols to your View Controller you can programmatically set the height of a Table View Cell by doing. self.tableView.rowHeight = 100.0In “Super Watermelon Island” Alexandrite grows by 14 stories; to the height of about 43 Stevens (172 ft) tall. Her hand alone is bigger than Opal (3 Stevens tall). Same with Sugilite. In “Coach Steven” she’s about 10 Stevens (40 ft) tall. And yet in “Cry For Help” she’s 19 Stevens (76 ft) tall.

Updated Mar 30, 2022 The Vampire Diaries was a huge success and part of the reason was the beloved cast, who fans are always happy to learn more about. Considering that it has been 5 years since The Vampire Diaries ended, it's quite surprising to see that the fanbase is still as active as ever.Daniel Gillies. 5ft 9 ¾ (177 cm) Matt Donovan. Zach Roerig. 5ft 9 ¾ (177 cm) Damon Salvatore. Ian Somerhalder. 5ft 9 ¼ (176 cm) Enzo.6ft 2 or 188 cm. The Vampire Diaries Heights. On this site you will find the world largest database of celebrities height. Ever wondered how tall a celebrity is?Un fichier Stem permet à un DJ ou à un artiste se produisant en live de jouer différents éléments d’une chanson. Par exemple, un fichier stem est composé du chant, de la batterie, de ligne de basse et de la mélodie. Native Instruments a développé cette technique, mais dans les grandes lignes, elle n’est pas nouvelle !By. Flashlight237. Published: Sep 21, 2015. 46 Favourites. 48 Comments. 22.7K Views. drama height heights island size tdi total heightchart sizecomparison. So yeah, this is a complete height chart of every TD contestant and the 3 staff members (Chris, Chef, and Don). In this chart, the scale is 1000 pixels=69 inches.Pour obtenir cette distance appropriée, multipliez la taille de l'écran par 1,2. Donc, pour une télévision de 98 pouces, cela signifie être assis à 118 pouces, soit 3 mètres. Consultez le tableau fourni pour déterminer les distances de visionnement recommandées en fonction des différentes tailles de télévision.Stems are certainly not all the same height or length. As long as you get the right diameter, I believe you should be fine. I've had friends swap out stems to fine tune the positioning on a bike.Discussions sur Téléviseur 4K UHD UE55RU7475 de la marque SAMSUNG – Dimension du pied de la TV – Bonjour, jaimerai connaitre la dimension du pied de cette TV 138cm de diagonale, pour savoir si ça peut passer sur mon meuble sans dépasser (ce qui f 4216653A new model for predicting the total tree height for harvested stems from cut-to-length (CTL) harvester data was constructed for Pinus radiata (D.Don) following a conceptual analysis of relative stem profiles, comparisons of candidate models forms and extensive selections of predictor variables.At each of 20 sample points, we selected the closest stems meeting the following criteria: a) live stem with a circumference < 40 cm at 1 m high, b) live stem with a circumference 41–80 cm, and c) live stem with a circumference > 80 cm. We measured the maximum height and area of rough bark for each stem, with area classified into six ...

Une expérience de visualisation immersive optimale nécessite que 40 degrés de votre champ de vision soient occupés par l'écran. Cette distance de champ de vision peut être calculée en connaissant simplement la taille de votre télévision. Pour obtenir cette distance appropriée, multipliez la taille de l'écran par 1,2.Discussions sur Téléviseur 4K UHD UE55RU7475 de la marque SAMSUNG – Dimension du pied de la TV – Bonjour, jaimerai connaitre la dimension du pied de cette TV 138cm de diagonale, pour savoir si ça peut passer sur mon meuble sans dépasser (ce qui f 4216653. En poursuivant votre navigation, vous acceptez l'utilisation des cookies pour vous proposer des services et des offres adaptés à ...TCL 55C731 (55 pouces, soit une TV de 139 cm de diagonale) Philips 65OLED908 (65 pouces, soit une TV de 164 cm de diagonale) Hisense 85UXKQ (85 pouces, soit une TV de 214 cm de diagonale) TCL, Philips et Hisense placent la dimension en pouces de leurs téléviseurs en tête de la référence. Samsung TQ75Q80C (75 pouces, soit une TV de 189 cm ...First recursively compute the base width/height of all the charts. hconcat: the width is equal to the sum of the individual chart widths. The height is equal to the heighest individual chart. vconcat: the width is equal to the biggest width of the individual charts. The height is equal to the sum.Primera Division. 14ème journée. Regarder les streams et diffusions vidéos en direct en ligne - football, hockey sur glace, tennis et beaucoup d'autres types de sport sur LiveTV. Dernières nouvelles sportives.Apply the TV mounting height formula to find the best height for your TV: TVH = 105.71" × 0.1763 + 40" = 58.64"; We can also convert the length to other units to 4.89 ft or 1.49 m . 💡 Whenever we mention the optimal TV height, we mean its center .LiveTV France - c'est tous les evenements sportifs en direct, gratuit!Subplot individual height 📊 Plotly Python rrazagh1 June 29, 2022, 11:50pm 1 Hi All, I’m trying to make the first 2 rows of my plot always stay the same height (example here: 200 px and 180 px). However, depending on the number of lines plotting on the 3rd row the total height of the figure should increase.Live Soccer TV - Programmes TV de Football, Streaming légal en direct, Résultats de foot en direct, Calendrier, Grilles, Résultats, Actualités, Bars et meilleurs moments des matchs.Select and compare the latest features and innovations available in the new Curved Tvs Samsung TVs Explore Types Of TV Models & Technology.

Ian Somerhalder: 43, Married, 5’8’’, Sagittarius. Damon Salvatore was played by Ian Somerhalder, who was 30 at the time of first filming the show (and is now 43-years-old). Much like his character in the series, Somerhalder is a hilarious Sagittarius and was born on December 8, 1972. He married Nikki Reed in 2015, who is a fellow Vampire ...Televiseur 50 cm chez Darty : SAV 7j/7, 24 h/24 Garantie 2 ans totale Paiement 4x Retrait magasin Livraison gratuite avec Darty MaxFind our the heights of all your favorite cast members!total variation distance = 1 2 (∑i=1n ∣∣Ai −Bi∣∣) In terms of code, this is: def tvd(a, b) : # Assumes a, b are numpy arrays. return sum(abs(a-b))/2. We'll look at a concrete example of this in just a minute, so don't worry if the formula doesn't make a whole lot of sense.The Vampire Diaries. Avg M: 5ft 10.6in (179.3cm), F: 5ft 5.6in (166.6cm) William Tanner. Benjamin Ayres. 6ft 2 (188 cm) Rudy. Rick Worthy. 6ft 2 (188 cm) Alaric.Pour obtenir cette distance appropriée, multipliez la taille de l'écran par 1,2. Donc, pour une télévision de 98 pouces, cela signifie être assis à 118 pouces, soit 3 mètres. Consultez le tableau fourni pour déterminer les distances de visionnement recommandées en fonction des différentes tailles de télévision.Idk I’ve never heard of an actual wolf scale a tree like in real life, they’re typically ground hunters haha. That’s why I assumed that in the show they could jump high but not the way they showed Stefan and Damon to be able to.def plot_test(n): top = 60 bottom = 60 vertical_spacing = 50 heights = [200,100,n * 10] total_vertical_spacing = vertical_spacing * len(heights) plot_height = sum(heights) + top + bottom + total_vertical_spacing row_heights = [x / plot_height for x in heights] fig = make_subplots(rows=3, cols=1, shared_xaxes=True, vertical_spacing=50 ...The IKEA Stockholm TV Unit has an overall height of 19.625” (50 cm), width of 63” (160 cm), and depth of 15.75” (40 cm). Description The IKEA Stockholm is a robust TV unit with adjustable features and details intended for quality design.Actually There are no boundaries, as long as both, top and sides are from equal length (quadratic). But try to make them bigger than 184x184 because that's the requiered mass and already quite small. You can't see MAXWELL in the Profile pic I made D: only the big blue M and a small pocket watch. Thanks!

Specifically, we measured stem diameter at several distances above the ground: at the root collar, at 30 cm, just below the fork (which occurred between 30 and 137 cm), and at 137 cm (up to six stems following established protocols). Survey responses indicated that current mensuration practices are burdensome, that practitioners ...Height and diameter equations used for inventory data update (Guzmán Álvarez et. al., 2012). Diameter at breast height (D. i, cm), number of stems (N, trees ha-1), height (H. i, m), Site Index (IS) competition index (IC. i) tree age (E. i), biomass fractions (stem W. s, thick branches W. tkb, medium branches W . mb, thin branches W. tnb, roots W. r, thick-medium branches W. tkmb). Species ...Tree dbh, Diameter at Stump Height (DSH), Total Height (TH) and Merchantable Height (MH) were measured. Basal area (BA, m 2 /ha) and Total Volume (TV, m 3 /ha) were estimated. Five models were ...Abstract. Stem diameter at breast height (DBH) and tree height ( H) are commonly used measures of tree growth. We examined patterns of height growth and diameter growth along a stem using a 20-year record of an even-aged hinoki cypress ( Chamaecyparis obtusa (Siebold & Zucc.) Endl.) stand.Volume equations are used to predict the content of stems of standing trees as a function of easily measured tree attributes such as diameter at breast height and tree height. Various functions have been proposed for predicting volume of a specified portion of the...For every diameter, we measured the height of actual measurement; we also measured the heights to the top of the first fork (hereafter “forking height”), to the base of live crown, the total tree height, the crown widths parallel and perpendicular to the street (following McPherson et al., 2016b), and the start and end times of ...We evaluated the slope of the linear and logarithmic regressions between stem diameter and height using logarithmic least squares, and standardized major axis regression (SMA), expecting segregation according to canopy position and geographic location. Seventeen out of 19 statistically significant models had SMA slopes > 1, and 11 ...PlantPhenomics T :CharacteristicsoftheGr ´eouxandClermontexperimentalsites. Sites Latitude Longitude Numberofplots Sowingdate Sowingdensity(seeds/m2) Gr´eoux N EPour obtenir cette distance appropriée, multipliez la taille de l'écran par 1,2. Donc, pour une télévision de 98 pouces, cela signifie être assis à 118 pouces, soit 3 mètres. Consultez le tableau fourni pour déterminer les distances de visionnement recommandées en fonction des différentes tailles de télévision.S95C OLED 4K Smart TV (2023) 4.5 (135) $1,899.99 $2,499.99 Save $600.00. $79.17/mo $104.17 for 24 mos⊕ with Samsung Financing. Samsung OLED Technology. Infinity One Design with Slim One Connect. Quantum HDR OLED+. Neural Quantum Processor with 4K Upscaling*. Pickup: Available in select stores.

Apply the TV mounting height formula to find the best height for your TV: TVH = 105.71" × 0.1763 + 40" = 58.64"; We can also convert the length to other units to 4.89 ft or 1.49 m . 💡 Whenever we mention the optimal TV height, we mean its center .Téléviseur Téléviseur - 28 pouces (70 cm) (7 articles) Vous cherchez une TV 28 pouces ? Boulanger vous présente ici les téléviseurs 28 pouces des meilleures marques (Samsung, LG, Hisense, TCL, Sony...) avec une taille d’écran de 70 cm, idéal pour les petits espaces (chambre, bureau, cuisine...).48 Comments. 22.7K Views. drama height heights island size tdi total heightchart sizecomparison. So yeah, this is a complete height chart of every TD contestant and the 3 staff members (Chris, Chef, and Don). In this chart, the scale is 1000 pixels=69 inches. Super-accurate, isn't it?I confirmed it's 3 (and so big xDDD) #7. Rob Boss Apr 18, 2021 @ 10:23am. nice really wanted to know. #8. Relinquiem May 3 @ 1:55pm. You saved my life 6 years later, i dont know why the coach is 3 tiles long and the starting tv only 2 really, it really messed with my brain haha, now i can rest.SANUS offers a HeightFinder Tool to help you figure out the right height for your situation. You input the type of TV and the mount, and then the tool tells you where to drill holes for the bracket. The HeightFinder Tool takes the guesswork out of mounting your TV at the optimal level.The average height of your eyes when seated is 42″, assuming an 18″ couch and 24″ from the seat to your eyes. If you center a 70″ TV at 42″, the bottom of the TV will be 25″ off the floor for optimal viewing.We evaluated the slope of the linear and logarithmic regressions between stem diameter and height using logarithmic least squares, and standardized major axis regression (SMA), expecting segregation according to canopy position and geographic location. Seventeen out of 19 statistically significant models had SMA slopes > 1, and 11 had SMA ...These trees had a height and diameter ratio (HDR, i.e., \(H/{\text{DBH}}\)) ranging from 0.52 to 0.83 with an average of 0.68. Among the 0.448 million stems, such slender trees represented a small proportion of 3.5% and had HDR (i.e., calculated as predicted \(H\) over DBH) from 0.56 to 1.13, with an average of 0.70.Recovery of deuterium from H–D gas mixture by thermal diffusion in a multi-concentric-tube column device of fixed total sum of column heights with transverse sampling streams Author links open overlay panel Ho-Ming YehTrees with height smaller than 1.5 m were excluded from the trial. The number of stems per plot was calculated as the sum of the individual tree species and quadrant counts, and it ranged from 1650 to 7100 ha −1 (Table 1).

Our study focuses on street trees that fork between 30 and 137 cm of height (hereafter “multi-stemmed trees”), which researchers have identified as particularly challenging in the ongoing development of urban allometric models, as well as consistency in measurements across space and time.Mikita et al. (2016) estimated d.b.h. and stem volume of 118 trees (mean d.b.h. = 38.16 cm) in a 0.8 ha forest stand, with tree density of 30 per cent of our plot. D.b.h. estimates used a circle-fitting method and stem volumes were calculated by an allometric equation.The SED of the 1.581 × 10 6 logs varied from 3 to 80 cm, where values larger than 60 cm were found only in 0.3% of the logs. The individual log length ranged from 2.2 to 26.4 m, but lengths longer than 6.4 and 12 m represented less than 0.50% and less than 0.01% of the logs, respectively (Fig. 3 ).Based on the measured tree heights and the counted number of stems in each quadrant, the dominant height of each plot was computed to conform to this definition. A total of 841 tree heights were measured on the 39 plots. The mean dominant height of the 39 plots ranged from 1.76 to 6.01 m with an average of 3.80 mTable S1. Height and diameter equations used for inventory data update (Guzmán Álvarez et. al., 2012). Diameter at breast height (Di, cm), number of stems (N, trees ha-1), height (Hi, m), Site Index (IS) competition index (ICi) tree age (Ei), biomass fractions (stem Ws, thick branches Wtkb, medium branches Wmb, thin branches Wtnb, roots Wr, ...Studies have shown good results for mean canopy height and dominant tree height retrieval using fully polarimetric X-and C-band at near-nadir over boreal forests Hallikainen, 1993, 1996) and even ...We evaluated the slope of the linear and logarithmic regressions between stem diameter and height using logarithmic least squares, and standardized major axis regression (SMA), expecting segregation according to canopy position and geographic location. Seventeen out of 19 statistically significant models had SMA slopes > 1, and 11 had SMA ...This paper uses a Random Forest algorithm to produce estimates of quadratic mean diameter at breast height (QMDBH) (cm), basal area (m2 ha−1), stem density (n/ha−1), and volume (m3 ha−1 ...Download scientific diagram | Vertical distribution of the top heights of live and dead trees and the proportion that are dead in the Wind River old-growth forest. from publication: Three ...Estimating tree heights and number of stems in young forest stands using airborne laser scanner data | Semantic Scholar. DOI: 10.1016/S0034-4257 (01)00228-0. Corpus ID: 128779733.

Vantage is a recon survivalist with an adorable bat companion. Both characters have been added to our list of Apex Legends heights, ages, and homeworlds. 23 Newcastle Age: 40 Height: 6'6" Home World: Gridiron The cybernetic knight Newcastle has a lot of secrets, though the fact that he's monstrously tall at 6'6" isn't one of them.Gibraltar is the tallest human Legend in Apex legends and one of the biggest ones. He towers at a whopping 6’5” or 196 cm and is 32 years old. Gibraltar is the leader of his team and a defense legend. He can throw down a shield bubble for his team and call in airstrikes over his opponents.All Legends Heights Useful Bangalore: 6' Bloodhound: 5’11 Caustic:6’3 Crypto: 5’9 Fuse: 5’10 Gibraltar: 6’4 Horizon: 6’ Lifeline: 5’5 Loba: 6’ Mirage: 5’11 Octane: 5’8 Pathfinder: 6’ Rampart: 6’ Revenant: 6’5 valkyrie: 5’11 Wattson: 5’8 Wraith: 5’4Apex legends character heights based off in game models. Revenant - 6’8’’ (203 cm) Gibraltar - 6’5’’ (196 cm) Caustic - ≈ 6’3’’ (191 cm) Pathfinder - 6’2’’ (188 cm) Bangalore - 6’0’’ (183 cm) Bloodhound - ≈ 6’0’’ (183 cm) Loba - ≈ 6’0” (183 cm with heels) or 5’8” (173 cm) Mirage - 5’11” (180 cm)Gibraltar With a height of 6’5″, Gibraltar hails from the Outland desert planet of Solace, which is governed by the Syndicate. Although not heavily inhabited, it is the location of the Kings Canyon map in Apex Legends. Solace City is the sole metropolitan area in the globe, despite Solace being a whole planet. LifelineApex Legends Character Heights: How They Measure Up Standing tall or crouching low, the heights of Apex Legends characters contribute to their strategic prowess in the game. Here’s a glimpse into the heights of a few fan-favorite legends:Margaret Kōhere is a rebel war Lord. As a black woman, she has a height of 5ft and 4in. The height is the average woman height according to Medicine. Makoa Gibraltar is a bulky boy. With that, he is approximately 5ft and 6. This is based on Be Spoke Unit. Explanation of Apex Legends Characters’ Heights Dr. Ashleigh Reid has an age of 121 years old.As an avid Apex Legends player, have you ever wondered about the heights and ages of your favorite in-game legends? Curiosity often strikes when you’re engrossed in intense battles and heart ...Heights and width I guess. I am curious about the different heights here for our beloved heroes. Obviously we know Wraith small and Gibby big but… Advertisement Coins. 0 coins. Premium Powerups Explore Gaming. Valheim Genshin Impact Minecraft Pokimane Halo Infinite Call of Duty: Warzone Path of Exile Hollow Knight: Silksong Escape from Tarkov Watch Dogs: Legion. Sports. NFL NBA Megan ...An ongoing analysis of Steam's player numbers, seeing what's been played the most.

The Vampire Diaries. Avg M: 5ft 10.6in (179.3cm), F: 5ft 5.6in (166.6cm) William Tanner. Benjamin Ayres. 6ft 2 (188 cm) Rudy. Rick Worthy. 6ft 2 (188 cm) Alaric.6ft 2 or 188 cm. The Vampire Diaries Heights. On this site you will find the world largest database of celebrities height. Ever wondered how tall a celebrity is?Ian Somerhalder: 43, Married, 5’8’’, Sagittarius. Damon Salvatore was played by Ian Somerhalder, who was 30 at the time of first filming the show (and is now 43-years-old). Much like his character in the series, Somerhalder is a hilarious Sagittarius and was born on December 8, 1972. He married Nikki Reed in 2015, who is a fellow Vampire ...The Vampire Diaries Cast Heights: Sorted by Tallest to Smallest.Ian Somerhalder height is 5’9″ (175 cm) or 1.75 meters. Known for his captivating performances and striking looks, the actor height complements his charismatic presence on screen. advertisment.Dimensions, also known as worlds, are self-contained universes that mostly operate independently of each other. Most known dimensions have existed on non-physical or metaphysical planes with the exception of the Prison Worlds and although parallel to our conventional plane, operate under supernatural laws of physics. While some dimensions naturally exist, others were created through witchcraft ...This category includes all characters that have appeared in The Vampire Diaries, The Originals and Legacies. Characters that have appeared in only The Vampire Diaries be seen here, characters that...tvd.wikiDescriptions tirées de la série The Vampire Diaries Personnages principaux Personnages secondaires Invités Personnages Principaux Elena Gilbert Age : 17 Yeux : Marrons Cheveux : Châtains Espèce : Humaine Interprétée par : Nina Dobrev Présentation : Réservée et sensible, elle se réfugie souvent au cimetière de Mystic Falls pour se recueillir sur la tombeMalachai "Kai" Parker was a siphoner-vampire hybrid that first appeared in the third episode of the sixth season of The Vampire Diaries as well as the main antagonist. He was the son of Joshua Parker and his unnamed wife, the twin brother of Josette, and the older brother of Olivia, Lucas, Joey, and three other unnamed siblings.When his nature as a siphoner was revealed in adolescence, his ...

In this article, an analytical model for predicting the Mach stem height is improved based on two main assumptions: one is the calculation of the triple point deflection angle when the Mach stem is an oblique shock and the other is about the shape of the free part of the slip line.27 March 2021 | Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part G: Journal of Aerospace Engineering, Vol. 236, No. 1Abstract A new, more accurate prediction of Mach stem height in steady flow is presented. In addition, starting with a regular reflection in the dual-solution domain, the growth rate of the Mach...The Mach stem height is an important parameter in the Mach reflection of steady supersonic flow. Various experimental, numerical, and theoretical works have been conducted to study this parameter in the past. However, much of the established work focuses around a single set of trailing edge heights.Abstract The flow from a supersonic nozzle when operated at off-design conditions exhibits a wide variety of complex flow structures. The prominent ones are the shock reflections inside the jet. The two main types of shock interactions are the regular reflection (RR) and Mach reflection (MR).The Mach stem heights are decided solely for the incoming flow Mach numbers and the wedge angles by the improved analytical model. As a result, the Mach stem heights by the model of this article ...After the completion of data screening and filtering, there were 0.448 × 10 6 stems and 1.581 × 10 6 logs remaining in the final data set. The DBH of these stems ranged from 10 to 82 cm with an average of 33 cm and their total log length \(L\) varied within the range of 2.2–40.8 m with an average of 16.6 m (Fig. 2).Abstract. A procedure that uses merchantable height in lieu of total height in an existing stem profile equation was devised and tested using data from naturalThe Mach stem heights are decided solely for the incoming flow Mach numbers and the wedge angles by the improved analytical model. As a result, the Mach stem heights by the model of this article are found to agree well with experimental results at lower Mach numbers, but there are relative errors at higher Mach numbers. The convexity ...Here, the average profile heights reported for unused Bicontact and SL-Plus stem conform with our findings from retrieved implants. The largest thread heights were documented in Fitmore stems that ...

Trouvez tout ce que vous voulez - un large choix de vêtements très demandés et plus à des prix raisonnables. Inscrivez-vous maintenant pour obtenir la dernière offre et les nouveaux produits quotidiens.light n (illumination) (éclairage) lumière nf : Could we have some light in the room? It's too dark. Peut-on avoir un peu de lumière dans cette pièce ? Il fait trop sombre. light n (lamp) lampe nf : luminaire nm : We have three lights in this room. On a trois lampes dans cette pièce. light adj (not heavy in weight) (poids) léger, légère adjFRANÇAIS. FRANÇAIS. ANGLAIS. [laɪt] noun. [luminosity, brightness] lumière f. it looks brown in this light on dirait que c'est marron avec cette lumière. by the light of our flashlamps à la lumière de nos lampes de poche. the light was beginning to fail le jour commençait à baisser.light \ˈlaɪt\ (Physique) (Indénombrable) Lumière. Source émettant de la lumière. I see a light in the distance. (Electric light) Luminaire, lumière artificielle (voir « lighting »). Please turn on the light. Feu (de circulation routière) (traffic light). Turn right at the light. Dérivés [modifier le wikicode]Voir la recette: Soufflé léger au chou-fleur et noix de muscadeLight is electromagnetic radiation that can be perceived by the human eye. It has different wavelengths, frequencies and polarizations, and it can be classified as visible, infrared, ultraviolet, X-ray or gamma ray. The speed of light in vacuum is one of the fundamental constants of nature. Learn more about the history, physics and applications of light on Wikipedia.Traductions en contexte de "light" en anglais-français avec Reverso Context : in the light of, light source, light-emitting, small arms and light weapons, light sourceslight translate: lumière [feminine], lumière [feminine], feu [masculine], feu [masculine], clair/claire…. Learn more in the Cambridge English-French Dictionary.Lumière. Pour les articles homonymes, voir Lumière (homonymie) . Rayons de lumière sortant des nuages. Dans son sens le plus habituel, la lumière est le phénomène à l'origine d'une sensation visuelle. La physique montre qu'il s'agit d' ondes électromagnétiques. Le spectre visible est la zone du spectre électromagnétique à laquelle ...Light, titre original de l'épisode Ombre et Lumière, deuxième partie de Stargate Universe. Le fleuve Light, cours d’eau de l’ Île du Sud de la Nouvelle-Zélande. Light, dans Death Note. Light S.A., compagnie brésilienne d'électricité. LIGHT, une cytokines de la famille du facteur de nécrose tumorale. Light Cycle, moyen de transport ...

Average maximum yearly temperature is 28.7 °C and average minimum is 21.9 °C. The average temperature range is 5.7 °C only. Temperature variation along the year in Aracaju is very damped (standard deviation of 1.93 for the maximum temperature and 2.72 for the minimum temperature).According to an ongoing temperature analysis led by scientists at NASA’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS), the average global temperature on Earth has increased by at least 1.1° Celsius (1.9° Fahrenheit) since 1880. The majority of the warming has occurred since 1975, at a rate of roughly 0.15 to 0.20°C per decade.Temperature anomalies are in reference to 1979–2000 climatology for each specific day of the year. To learn more about reanalysis refer to Advancing Reanalysis. The time series chart displays area-weighted mean temperature estimates for the following domains: World (90°S–90°N, 0–360°E)The average temperature ranges from 7 °C (45 °F) in January to 22 °C (71.5 °F) in August and August. During summer, this area can experience cool and rainy days caused by Atlantic fronts, but also hot and sunny days, with temperatures around 33/34 °C (91/93 °F).The global annual temperature has increased at an average rate of 0.08°C (0.14°F) per decade since 1880 and over twice that rate (+0.18°C / +0.32°F) since 1981. The 2020 Northern Hemisphere land and ocean surface temperature was the highest in the 141-year record at +1.28°C (+2.30°F) above average.01 Aug 2014 - Global average air temperature anomalies (1850 to 2013) in degrees Celsius (°C) relative to a pre-industrial baseline periodEarth’s global average surface temperature in 2020 statistically tied with 2016 as the hottest year on record, continuing a long-term warming trend due to human activities. This graph shows the change in global surface temperature compared to the long-term average from 1951 to 1980.The 1901–2000 average combined land and ocean annual temperature is 13.9°C (57.0°F), the annually averaged land temperature for the same period is 8.5°C (47.3°F), and the long-term annually averaged sea surface temperature is 16.1°C (60.9°F).Can we really achieve an accuracy of a few tenths of a degree when we give the warming trends of the last century or when the international community set a target of limiting warming to only 2°C or even 1.5°C?

The CELLULOSE article describes the Van Soest method for preparing acid detergent fiber (ADF), which contains cellulose, lignin, and insoluble ash (mainly silica). This article describes the procedure for making neutral detergent fiber (NDF), which contains hemicellulose, cellulose, lignin, and insoluble ash. The difference between NDF and ADF ...Les fibres insolubles dans les détergents acides, souvent abrégées en ADF (de l' anglais Acid Detergent Fiber ), sont une mesure d'analyse des fibres utilisée en alimentation animale . Cette fraction contient la cellulose, la lignine, de la silice et des formes insolubles d' azote, mais pas d' hémicellulose [ 1] . Notes et référencesNDF = Hemicelluloses + Cellulose + Lignin + Ash ADF = Cellulose + Lignin + Ash Acid Detergent Fiber (ADF) This fibrous component represents the least digestible fiber portion of forage or other roughage. This highly indigestible part of forage includes lignin, cellulose, silica, and insoluble forms of nitrogen, but not hemicelluloses. Forages ...Acid detergent ﬁbre (ADF) is an estimator of the content in cellulose, lignin, cutine and insoluble minerals in the cell wall and it is determined as the residue remaining after the digestion of the sampleHemicelluloses, cellulose, and lignin contents of contrasting feeds, with emphasis on concentrate ingredients and complete concentrates, were analyzed using the Van Soest detergent procedure (analyzing neutral detergent fiber, acid detergent fiber, and acid detergent lignin) and the enzymatic-chemical procedure (analyzing cellulose ...The Acid Detergent Fiber (ADF) method is based on the assumption that the waste obtained with the use of the detergent is made up of cellulose and lignin. Several works indicate, however,...acid detergent fibre DEFINITION Acid detergent fibre (ADF) is an estimator of the content in cellulose, lignin, cutine and insoluble minerals in the cell wall and it is determined as the residue remaining after the digestion of the sample with an acid detergent solution (made up of diluted sulphuric acid and cetyl-trimethyl-ammonium bromide). (en)Two fibre metrics were included, representing: (1) the plants structural components termed acid detergent fibre (ADF: the material remaining after boiling in acid detergent, representing lignin, cellulose, silica and insoluble nitrogenous compounds but not hemicellulose); and (2) termed neutral detergent fibre (NDF: the material ...The detergent fiber method fractionates the cell wall compounds into three residues: neutral detergent fibers (NDF containing mainly cellulose, hemicelluloses and lignin), acid detergent fibers (ADF containing mainly cellulose and lignin) and acid detergent lignin (ADL containing mainly lignin).2015. The detergent fiber and the insoluble dietary fiber methods were compared to quantitate lignin in commelinid and non-commelinid magnoliophyta biomasses. This comparison was based on the precision of…. Expand.

This study characterized the combustions of Sedum alfredii Hance (SAH) in response to its aboveground (SAH-A) and belowground (SAH-B) parts, the oxy-fuel (CO 2 /O 2) and air (N 2 /O 2) atmospheres, temperature, and heating rate. The decomposition behaviors, gas-to-ash characteristics, thermo-kinetic parameters, and mineral ...Contents of 12 ash-forming elements in numerous biomass varieties were studied. Challenges related to ash of biomass for biofuel application were described. Abstract. Inorganic matter and some ash-forming elements of biomass may cause numerous technological and environmental problems during biomass processing.Biomass models for sycamore maple and ash can help gathering this potential. Woody biomass from forests has great potential to provide a continuous and largely carbon-neutral raw material supply for the biobased industry.Adding wood ash to biomass prior to biochar production is an environmentally sound way to increase the rate of biomass carbon converted into environmentally safe carbon sinks. Wood Ash as an Additive in Biomass Pyrolysis: Effects on Biochar Yield, Properties, and Agricultural Performance | ACS Sustainable Chemistry & EngineeringAbstract. Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) plays an important role in the study of the carbon cycle and climate change in the global terrestrial ecosystem. AGB estimation based on remote sensing ...Biomass has highly variable ash yields and contents of ash-forming elements due to biodiversity and different composition and abundance of genetic classes of organic and inorganic matter in biomass varieties. (2) The ash yield of biomass (dry basis) varies in the interval of 0.1–67% (mean 7.2%) and normally.Wood ash generated as a by-product of biomass combustion can be a sustainable and reasonable approach to counteract acidification and correct nutrient deficiency in forest soils.Forest biomass is considered an alternative to fossil fuels in energy production, as part of global strategies for climate change mitigation. Application of by-products such as wood ash (WA) and biochar (BC) to soil could replace the nutrients removed by tree harvesting and could also increase soil carbon stocks.Key message. Complex overview of biomass structure for oak and ash tree species and wide range of allometric relationships for predicting above- and below-ground biomass components.It is documented that mineral concentration in the aboveground biomass of Miscanthus × giganteus decreases gradually from autumn to winter [24,28]. Our results highlight a decline in the concentration of crude ash and macronutrients in aboveground parts of plants from spring to autumn.

After grain maturation, on the same day in both locations (20th June), the aerial part of the plants was harvested (2 m 2 of area), and grains, pod shells, and straws separated and weighed. Representative subsamples ( ca. 500 g) of each biomass residue were dried in a forced-air oven at 60°C for 48 h. 2.3.A novel wheat harvest property prediction CNN-LSTM network was proposed. • The temporal and spatial characteristics of wheat remote sensing data were compared. • A metre-scale wheat harvest prescription map was obtained. • The key period of yield forecast was obtained by data accumulation training pattern.Abstract. Agricultural residues, including straw, are important energy feedstock for electricity generation. This study aims to develop a model for energy and environmental assessment of straw production, taking into account its life cycle.In these systems, when cover crops are included in order to increase the amount of crop residues, aerial biomass remains on the soil surface, whereas root biomass is directly incorporated into the soil.Relationships between aerial biomass per plant (x axis) and d harvest index, e number of spikes per m 2, f number of grains per spike, and g thousand kernel weight. Black circle Tall cultivars ( Rht-B1a ), White circle Semi-dwarf cultivars ( Rht-B1b ).Straw includes dried stalks, ears, cobs and leaves of e.g. cereals, rapeseed or sunflower, which are separated from the grains during harvest (Fig. 1 ). For instance corn stover, i.e. leaves, stalks and bare cobs from maize plants, is the most abundant straw generated in the USA (Panoutsou et al. 2017 ).This harvested biomass can potentially be used for other purposes such as for protein extraction or for biogas production, and the annual harvestable amount per production area is presented. Build-up or degradation of SOM was presented as the corresponding release or sequestration of CO 2 .Background. Aboveground biomass (AGB) is a widely used agronomic parameter for characterizing crop growth status and predicting grain yield. The rapid and accurate estimation of AGB in a non-destructive way is useful for making informed decisions on precision crop management.The total biomass energy for power plants was projected to increase from 0.3 mill. TOE in 2015 to 1.8, 9.0, and 20 mill. TOE in 2020, 2030, and 2050, respectively. The respective equivalent power ...On-farm survey of English arable farms to determine cereal straw use and availability. Estimated 5.27 Mt of cereal straw from arable farms, of which 27.5% is incorporated. Incorporated cereal straw on arable farms could supply 1.5% of UK petrol consumption. Crop residue co-products offer potential as sustainable biofuel feedstock. East...

Sugarcane bagasse (SCB) has been identified as a biomass that is abundantly available and can be harnessed for various applications. To optimally utilise SCB for its numerous applications, pre-treatment and hydrolysis are important processes.Sugarcane bagasse (SCB), a by-product of sugarcane industry, is a rich source of cellulose (45%), hemicellulose (32%), and lignin (17%) with low ash conten Sugarcane bagasse: an important lignocellulosic substrate for production of enzymes and biofuels | SpringerLinkDataset Version: 1 Summary This dataset provides temporally consistent and harmonized global maps of aboveground and belowground biomass carbon density for the year 2010 at a 300-m spatial resolution. The aboveground biomass map integrates land-cover specific, remotely sensed maps of woody, grassland, cropland, and tundra biomass.Sugarcane (Saccharum oﬃcinarum) bagasse (SCB) is a biomass of agricultural waste obtained from sugarcane process- ing that has been found in abundance globally. Due to its abundance in nature ...As part of this preliminary study, we used four rates to assess the effect of bagasse on soil properties and sugarcane yield response: 2-inch (85 ton/ha); 4-inch (170 ton/ha); 4-inch plus 58 kg/ha nitrogen; and a grower's control that did not receive any bagasse. Figure 1.With these data, we model carbon accumulation in aboveground live tree biomass and examine the biological, environmental, and human drivers that influence this growth. Our results identify four ...By integrating our RMF maps with existing aboveground plant biomass information, we estimate that in forests, shrublands and grasslands, respectively, 22%, 47% and 67% of plant biomass exists ...The scope of this study was defined as cradle to gate; involving cane production, cane transportation to the mill, the production of bagasse, and then the burning of bagasse in the cogeneration power plant to produce electricity. The overall results revealed that most of the impacts were contributed by the agricultural phase.Globally harmonized maps of above and belowground living biomass carbon densities. (a) Aboveground biomass carbon density (AGBC) and (b) belowground biomass carbon density (BGBC) are shown ...Total above-ground biomass and grain yield of the five evaluated cultivars are presented in Table 2. Average biomass increased from 6627 to 18173 kg ha −1 with increasing moisture availability (TL 1996) and from 6324 to 12771 kg ha −1 with increasing soil nitrogen availability (PR 1995).

Biomethane is obtained by upgrading biogas produced by transforming biomass such as agricultural residues, biowaste or forest wood through anaerobic digestion or pyrogasification processes. This raises the question ofBiochemical methane potential prediction of plant biomasses: Comparing chemical composition versus near infrared methods and linear versus non-linear models - ScienceDirect Bioresource Technology Volume 175, January 2015, Pages 382-390In this investigation, optical (SPOT-7 NAOMI), airborne LiDAR, and PolInSAR L-band data, along with forest inventories, were employed to develop models for estimating total dry aboveground biomass (AGB) over the tropical forests in the Congo Basin (Gabon) of Central Africa.Technological advancements employed for the bio-adsorption of CO 2 and H 2 S such as scrubbing, swing adsorption, and cryogenic separation from biogas are articulated. • Modelling aspects for the adsorption of biogas for the enrichment of biomethane are discussed. •Each substrate was analysed in terms of dry matter (TS), volatile solids (TVS), chemical oxygen demand (COD), total Kjeldahl nitrogen (TKN) and total phosphorus (TP) according to the Standard Methods [25]. In particular TKN and TP have been processed through a high-performance Ethos-One microwave digestion system by Milestone (Italy ...Biomethane (also known as “renewable natural gas”) is a near-pure source of methane produced either by “upgrading” biogas (a process that removes any CO 2 and other contaminants present in the biogas) or through the gasification of solid biomass followed by methanation:Biomethane potentials ranged from 384 to 315 and from 412 to 283 NL CH 4 kg VS −1 (normal liters of methane per kg of volatile solids) for leaves and stems, respectively. About digestion kinetics, maximum daily production rate ( R max) was significantly affected by harvest time and not by plant partitioning.The biomethane yields per hectare of giant reed (m 3 CH 4 ha −1) was calculated as the product of biomethane potential and dry biomass yield expressed in volatile solid (gVS ha −1).Biomethane is a near-pure source of methane produced either by “upgrading” biogas or through the gasification of solid biomass; since it is indistinguishable from the regular natural gas stream, it can be transported and used wherever gas is consumed, but without adding to emissions.Aboveground biomass and biomethane potential were taken into account to evaluate methane yield per area unit. The area-specific methane yields had a mean of 119 L N CH 4 m −2 and a large range which was solely due to the variations in aboveground biomass (P < 0.001, η² = 97%) and not due to biomethane potentials (P = 0.600, η² ...

Agronomic and industrial characteristics related to the aboveground biomass (fresh and dry), chemical (sucrose, fiber, Brix, total recoverable sugar, extractives, ashes, lignin, cellulose, and hemicellulose), and nutritional (macro- and micronutrients) composition were evaluated. Some energy cane genotypes presented higher dry biomass yield ...Above-ground biomass (AGB) is the total mass of material stored in the living stems, branches and leaves of vegetation, and is often described as a biomass density, with units of mass per unit area.The aboveground dry biomass yields of sugarcane and energy cane were 37.4 and 45.2 Mg ha −1, respectively, averaged across the two sites and three crops. The increased dry biomass yield for energy cane relative to sugarcane was mainly associated with stalk population (Zhao et al. 2017 ).Significant differences in growth and aboveground biomass were found in the monoculture wetlands. Species that showed faster growth and larger biomass in monoculture wetland were also dominant in the mixed wetland. The mixed wetland exhibited similar biomass and root growth to the averages of five monocultures.Estimating forest above-ground biomass (AGB), or carbon (AGC), in tropical forests has become a major concern for scientists and stakeholders. However, AGB assessment procedures are not fully standardized and even more importantly, the uncertainty associated with AGB estimates is seldom assessed.Biomass Conversion and Biorefinery (2023) Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) plays an important role in the study of the carbon cycle and climate change in the global terrestrial ecosystem. AGB ...Abstract. Crop traits such as aboveground biomass (AGB), total leaf area (TLA), leaf chlorophyll content (LCC), and thousand kernel weight (TWK) are important indices in maize breeding. How to extract multiple crop traits at the same time is helpful to improve the efficiency of breeding.The fraction of plant biomass in aboveground versus root tissues has implications for carbon storage and dynamics. Here the authors collate a dataset on root-mass fractions and use these data to ...The living biomass of the world’s forests contains more than 40% of the global terrestrial carbon (C) stocks [ 1 ]. Globally, belowground biomass (BGB) is estimated to account for 20–26% of the total biomass, and as such it is an important C pool for many vegetation types and land-use systems.Results showed that aboveground biomass, belowground biomass and total biomass all increased with increasing growing season precipitation, as expected in this water-limited ecosystem. Biomass allocation patterns also changed along the precipitation gradient, but significant variation between species was apparent.

In this study, we hypothesized that anaerobic biodegradation of cellulose is influenced by cellulose type and concentration, temperature, and their interactions. Cellulose biodegradation by an anaerobic consortium was tested in thermophilic batch experiments that combined cellulase action, hydrolysis, and fermentation. Initially, the ...The real concentration of cellulose solution was determined by the following method: (6) C = a b + a where C is the concentration of cellulose solution, a is the weight of cellulose, and b is the weight of the alkali/urea aqueous. 3. Results and discussion3.1. Stability properties of the cellulose solutionCellulose Lignocellulosic 1. Introduction Cellulose is the most copious natural raw material with total production of 10 11 –10 12 tons/year ( Brunner and Roberts, 1980, Huber et al., 2012, Perepelkin, 2004).Recent studies have shown an increase in the differential thermal voltage (analogous to the Seebeck coefficient in thermoelectrics) from 2 to 10 mV K −1 using different electrolytes 8, 9, 10, 11.A m y Research and Development Laboratory, Natick, Massachusetts 01 760. summary. In the cellulase-cellulose reaction system. the adsorption of cellulase on the solid cellulose substrate was found to be one of the important parameters that govern the enzymatic hydrolysis rate of cellulose.Cellulose calibration plot using 3,5-dinitrosalicylic acid (DNS) assay. A commercial cellulase preparation from TCI Chemicals with a declared cellulase activity 29 000 cellulase U/g was used as a model sample for this testing. The sample was assessed at two concentrations: 0.36 and 0.76 U/ml. Figure S3. Cellulosecalibration plot ...The concentrations of interfering sugars (maltose, Mal; galactose, Gal; fructose, Fru; glucose, Glu; lactose, Lac; and cellobiose, Cel) are all 50 μM, while the concentration of the target analyte (cellobiose in A and glucose in B) is 20 μM. Arrows indicate the additions of the analyte or interfering substrates.Cellulose is a polysaccharide composed of glucose monomers linked via β-1,4-glycosidic linkages. Unlike the α-1,4-glycosidic bonds in starch, cellulose hydrolysis requires a variety of enzymes capable of handling the unusual bond and glucose orientations.The characteristic peaks of cellulose can be assigned as follows: (i) Peak in the region of δ 58–67 ppm corresponds to C6 of cellulose, (ii) cluster signal between δ 69–79 ppm represent C2, C3 and C5 of cellulose, (iii) Peaks between δ 80–91 ppm due to cellulose C4 and (iv) cluster signal between δ 101–109 ppm corresponds ...Annual mean free-cellulose concentrations within PM 10 (particulate matter) ranged from 29 ± 38 ng m −3 at Basel (urban site) to 284 ± 225 ng m −3 at Payerne (rural site).

Cellulose brute: Méthode « de Weende » basée sur une hydrolyse acide suivie d'une hydrolyse basique, telles que AFNOR NF V03-40 (1993). La mesure de la cellulose brute constitue une détermination par défaut de la teneur en parois végétales qui est en réalité de 2 à 4 fois plus importante. En outre, le résidu cellulose brute comprend ...La cellulose brute est utilisée pour estimer la qualité des productions d'origine agricole sur le principe qu'il s'agit de la fraction non digestible. La teneur en azote libre est calculée par différence entre les hydrates de carbone moins la cellule brute.Cellulose brute. Cellulose dite de Weende, résidu insoluble d'une hydrolyse acide suivie d'une hydrolyse basique. Elle contient la cellulose vraie et la lignine insoluble. Elle s'utilise aussi pour estimer les phanères dans les coproduits animaux.A partir de 69 échantillons de MP, les teneurs en MS, MM, MAT, amidon, sucres totaux, MG et les teneurs en fibres selon différentes méthodes (Weende (CB), van Soest, Carré et Prosky (TDF)) ont été déterminées afin de calculer les équations de prédiction des fibres totales, solubles et insolubles par régression linéaire progressive, puis validée...Par la méthode de weende (fig. 1) la détermination des taux de protéines, matières grasses et cendres, permet de calculer, par différence, l’humidité et le taux d’hydrates de carbone : Hydrates de carbone = masse de l’échantillon total - humidité - protéines - matière grasse brute. • Historique :- l’analyse de la cellulose brute (CB, méthode de Weende), - l’anal yse des différentes fractions des parois végétales (NDF, ADF et ADL, méthode séquentielle de Van Soest). Pour la méthode de Van Soest, les échantillons doivent être séchés à 60°C car un séchage à une température supérieureSystèmes d'analyse de haute précision pour la détermination des teneurs en cellulose brute, ADF, NDF et ADL. Analyse manuelle ou automatisée des fibres selon Weende et van Soest.évoquées précédemment. NON, la SPR n'offre pas de solution fiable. La cellulose brute (méthode de Weende) ﬁgurant sur les étiquettes d’aliments pour lapins correspond à une fraction plus ou moins importante de la cellulose, des hémicelluloses et de lignines, et ne prend pas en compte les substances pectiques. C'est donc un critère ...La méthode de dosage de la cellulose proposéc comporte une neutralisation aprè chaque attaque. Elle présente les avantages suivants: suppression de lavages et centrifugations, d'où un gain de temps, et obtention de résultats plus reproductibles, d'où une plus grande précision.indice d'insoluble dit «cellulosique» (cellulose brute) Conventionnellement, totalité des substances insolubles et combustibles dans les conditions opératoires décrites dans la présente Norme Internationale. L'Indice d'insoluble cellulosique s'exprime en pourcentage en masse, rapporté soit au produit tel quel, soit à la matière sèche du produit.

Introduction Starch is the most abundant component of cereal grains and an important structural constituent in cereal products. Starch and non-starch polysaccharide (NSP) are used together in food processing to improve the texture, water mobility, and stability of food products.CONACYT-Mexico In the last century, starch present in foods was considered to be completely digested. However, during the 1980s, studies on starch digestion started to show that besides digestible starch, which could be rapidly or slowly hydrolysed, there was a variable fraction that resisted hydrolysis by digesti …Starch was isolated from hydrothermally treated brown rice flour, and its molecular structure was related to starch digestibility as assessed using Englyst's test. The molecular weight of starch decreased due to two types of hydrothermal treatments (annealing [ANN] and heat-moisture treatment [HMT]), and the effect was higher when ...Introduction It is estimated that 60.2 million households in the US own a dog, with a dog population close to 94.2 million ( APPA, 2017 ). Most pet foods can be divided into three categories based on moisture content: dry, semi-wet or soft-moist, and canned ( Kvamme and Phillips, 2003 ).Abstract. The digestion of starch-based foods in the small intestine as well as factors affecting their digestibility have been previously investigated and reviewed in detail. Starch digestibility has been studied both in vivo and in vitro, with increasing interest in the use of in vitro models.Chapter First Online: 10 October 2019 708 Accesses Abstract Structure is a fundamental factor in determining the way that digestible and non-digestible food carbohydrates (mono- and di-saccharides, oligo-saccharides and polysaccharides) influence a range of health outcomes.Driven by the immense functional and nutritional implications of starch–lipid binary interactions, this study is aimed at designing starch digestibility by controlling the interaction between starch and glycerol monostearate (GMS)/stearic acid (SA) using a hot-extrusion 3D printing (HE-3DP) environment.The starch digestibility has been shown to increase by 35–40% during cooking, autoclaving and puffing followed by pressure cooking and germination. They also reported that baking, frying and shallow frying reduced rapidly digestible starch (RDS) while roasting and pressure cooking enhanced the RDS to about 23% followed by cooking ...The in vitro starch digestion rate and estimated glycemic index (GI) of cereal starches were evaluated along with the impact of cooking on starch digestion. The cooking of starch slurries increased the rapidly digestible starch content from a range of 34.7–54.4% to a range of 60.5–78.5%.The first mathematical models to describe food digestibility have primarily focused on the wet mass retention ratio of the studied food (wet sample weight after digestion time, t, divided by the initial wet sample weight).The wet mass retention ratio has been observed to follow three distinct profiles (delayed sigmoidal, sigmoidal, and exponential; Figure 9.2), yet all three profiles can be ...

Cell wall residues in fibers are present throughout degraded regions of the cell wall under attacking by erosion bacteria. In the heavily degraded WAB (D), all the cell walls, even in the middle lamella, were depleted in the final stage of degradation. The corner middle lamella was the last structure to be attacked by bacteria (D ...Despite the utility of soybean cellulosic biomass and post-processing residues in biofuel generation, there is no comprehensive information available on cell wall loosening and degradation related ...Yeast cell wall (YCW) is a very rich waste from the yeast extract industry. Due to this, the aim of this work is to develop new biodegradable films based on residual YCW and the study of the effect of plasticization on films properties. Residual YCW was used as base matrix and different concentrations of glycerol (0, 15, 25 and 35 wt ...Trafficking-defective rabA mutants have already been shown to impact cell wall composition. To study the impacts of these mutants on cell wall digestion, we developed a saccharification process for Arabidopsis based on the hot water method.Cell wall degrading enzymes (CWDEs) are a heterogeneous group of enzymes including glycosyl-hydrolases, oxidoreductases, lyases and esterases. Microbes with degrading activities towards plant cell wall polysaccharides are the most relevant source of CWDEs for industrial applications.The cell wall consists mainly of peptidoglycan (PG), a mesh of polysaccharide strands (composed of a poly-[N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc)-N-acetylmuramic acid (MurNAc)] backbone) crosslinked via short peptide bridges attached to the MurNAc residues [7]. PG is synthesized on the external face of the cytoplasm. Synthesis steps include ...In this review, we highlight studies supporting the occurrence of plant cell-wall recycling, describe the processes that control wall turnover and metabolic salvage, discuss promising new tools for further investigating wall recycling, and speculate on developmental processes to which wall recycling might contribute, in order to ...The cell wall (CW) of bacteria is an intricate arrangement of macromolecules, at least constituted of peptidoglycan (PG) but also of (lipo)teichoic acids, various polysaccharides, polyglutamate and/or proteins. During bacterial growth and division, there is a constant balance between CW degradation and biosynthesis.While useful information about cell wall constituents could be obtained from such residues, their inherent disadvantages have often been overlooked. For example, most of the cytoplasmic proteins (from membranes, enzymes, etc.), nucleic acids and reserve polysaccharides like starch are co-precipitated with the residues in addition to ...Interestingly, pore traits of cell wall, especial for microcosmic interface structure, seemed to be a crucial factor that correlated to cellulase adsorption and further affected saccharification. Highly heterogeneity in cell wall traits influenced the overall saccharification efficiency of biomass. Furthermore, the holistic outlook ...

We contrast a new continuous approach (CA) for estimating plot-level above-ground biomass (AGB) in forest inventories with the current approach of estimating AGB exclusively from the tree-level AGB predicted for each tree in a plot, henceforth called DA (discrete approach). With the CA, the AGB in a forest is modelled as a continuous ...Estimating above-ground biomass (AGB) accurately includes several steps, such as the assignment of a wood density value to a tree, the choice of a biomass allometric model or the choice of a height–diameter (H–D) model when tree height data are incomplete or absent.Above-ground biomass was determined from shoots cut at ground level from the central six rows of each plot along 1.0 m in length (sample area of 1.08 × 1.0 m = 1.08 m 2). The dry weight was determined from the samples after drying at 65°C until reaching a constant dry weight. LiDAR measurements with the Phenomobile Lite were obtained on the ...In this end we reviewed the present scenarios of above ground biomass estimation, focusing predominantly on field measurement (destructive and non-destructive) and remote sensing (optical...Biomass across the 1.56 million ha study area and uncertainties were similar for local (2.1 billion Mg; % RMSE = 97%) and nationwide (2.2 billion Mg; % RMSE = 94%) equations, while FIA-CRM estimates were lower and more uncertain (1.5 billion Mg; % RMSE = 165%). ConclusionsThe standing above-ground biomass (AGB) of these forests constitutes about 80 % of terrestrial AGB, which amounts to 432 billion Mg of dry matter, (averaging 109 Mg ha −1; ). Within the forested area, increases in AGB (carbon) occur through growth, with rates of uptake greater for forests in the early stages of regeneration but slowing ...Biomass was measured at plot level at eight contrasting sites to test the accuracy of prediction of tonnes dry matter of above-ground biomass per hectare using different classes of allometric equations. A finer-scale analysis tested performance of these at an individual-tree level across a wider range of sites. Although the ...In this investigation, optical (SPOT-7 NAOMI), airborne LiDAR, and PolInSAR L-band data, along with forest inventories, were employed to develop models for estimating total dry aboveground biomass (AGB) over the tropical forests in the Congo Basin (Gabon) of Central Africa.We used two different data sets of field plots for calculating aboveground biomass, National Forest Inventory (NFI) plots sampled between 2009 and 2014 and Intensive Carbon Monitoring (ICM) plots sampled in 2014 and 2015.Using an extensive database of 110 897 AGB measurements from field inventory plots, we show that the spatial patterns and magnitude of AGB are well captured in our map with the exception of regional uncertainties in high-carbon-stock forests with AGB >250 Mg ha−1, where the retrieval was effectively based on a single radar observation.

Based on field observations from Nepal’s national forest inventory of 2010–2014; the data set includes estimates for two major forest carbon pools, aboveground biomass (AGB) and soil organic ...Above-ground biomass was determined from shoots cut at ground level from the central six rows of each plot along 1.0 m in length (sample area of 1.08 × 1.0 m = 1.08 m 2). The dry weight was determined from the samples after drying at 65°C until reaching a constant dry weight. LiDAR measurements with the Phenomobile Lite were ...In this end we reviewed the present scenarios of above ground biomass estimation, focusing predominantly on field measurement (destructive and non-destructive) and remote sensing (optical remote ...Abstract. Complexity of forest structure is an important factor contributing to uncertainty in aboveground biomass estimates. In this study, we present a new method for reducing uncertainty in forest aboveground biomass (AGB) estimation based on plot-level terrestrial laser scanner (TLS) point clouds reconstruction.Biomass was measured at plot level at eight contrasting sites to test the accuracy of prediction of tonnes dry matter of above-ground biomass per hectare using different classes of allometric equations. A finer-scale analysis tested performance of these at an individual-tree level across a wider range of sites. Although the ...The plot AGB was converted to per hectare biomass (Mg/ha). Note that the plots that were situated on non-forestry land, such as farmland, water area, and construction land, were eliminated.Using multi-frequency radar and discrete-return LiDAR measurements to estimate above-ground biomass and biomass components in a coastal temperate forest. ISPRS J Photogramm Remote Sens. 2012;69:121–33.Fresh aboveground biomass Aboveground biomass: R 2 = 0.80 R 2 = 0.77: Tilly et al. (2014b) ... the agronomic variables including plant height and biomass were measured for all plots at six critical growth stages of rice (Tables S2 & Table S3). Plant height was determined by manually measuring the distance from bottom of the rice plants to the upper leaves of the rice canopy and the plot value ...By combining multiple satellite observations of synthetic aperture radar (SAR) backscatter around the year 2010, we generated a global, spatially explicit dataset of above-ground live biomass (AGB; dry mass) stored in forests with a spatial resolution of 1 ha. Using an extensive database of 110 897 AGB measurements from field ...Measuring forest aboveground biomass (AGB) at local to regional scales is critical to understanding their role in regional and global carbon cycles. The Three-North Shelterbelt Forest Program (TNSFP) is the largest ecological restoration project in the world, and has been ongoing for over 40 years. In this study, we developed models to estimate the planted forest aboveground biomass (PF_AGB ...

Following the nitrogen determination, crude protein content is calculated using a conversion factor. The original, and still frequently used, conversion factor 6.25 is based on an assumption that the general nitrogen content in food proteins is 16% and that all nitrogen in foods is protein-bound.We found that only six genera offer pollen with low protein concentration (crude protein < 20%), including two main crop species: sunflowers (Helianthus: median around 15%) and maize (Zea: median around 16%). Most other plant genera offer pollen of comparable protein concentration (Fig. 2).Simple linear regression equations to predict indispensable amino acids (% on a dry matter basis) using concentration of crude protein (% on a dry matter basis) in soybean meals (n = 64). …The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary crude protein (CP) concentrations, grain types and arginine:lysine ratios on performance parameters of broiler chickens. The 2 × 2 × 2 factorial array of dietary treatments harnessed two CP concentrations (210 and 170 g/kg), two feed grains (wheat and sorghum ...The effect of concentrate mixtures with crude protein (CP) levels 10%, 13%, 16%, and 19% and diets with roughage to concentrate ratios 80:20, 60:40, 40:60, and 20:80 (w/w) were determined on dry matter (DM) and organic matter (OM) digestibility, and fermentation metabolites using an in vitro fermentation technique.Our analysis of 1817 soybean seed samples revealed an average crude protein concentration of 39.6%, ranging from 36.1 to 42.6% defined by the fifth and 95th percentiles (P5-P95), indicating a 16% variation relative to the average. On average, the sum of the 18 primary amino acids (net protein) accounted for 97.2% of grain crude ...Main effects: Crude protein: 220: 2,709: 3,565: 1.318 a: 1.79: 7.29: 180: 2,545: 3,590: 1.414 b: 0.60: 9.48: Feed grain: Maize: 2,671: 3,563: 1.338: 1.79: 9.69: Wheat: 2,545: 3,592: 1.394: 0.60: 7.08: Whey protein: 0: 2,671: 3,585: 1.368: 1.19: 8.04: 25: 2,583: 3,571: 1.364: 1.19: 8.73: Significance (P =) Crude protein (CP) < 0.001 ...Abstract. This study was designed to examine the ability of near-infrared (NIR) spectroscopy to determine amino acid and crude protein concentrations in soybean and explore the effects of particle size, fat content and types of NIR spectroscopy instruments on the predictive ability of the NIR models. Whole, ground and defatted ground ...Calculate the concentration of protein in solution X. List the concentration as mg protein/cuvette and then express results as mg protein/mL of solution X. Answers. 1. Protein content = 19.75 % on a wet weight basis; 21.47 % on a dry weight basis. Calculations:

An essential variable in the context of terrestrial carbon fluxes is aboveground biomass (AGB) density, usually defined as the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter, and typically expressed as mass per unit area (e.g. Mg ha −1) for mapped products (Duncanson et al., 2021).Above ground biomass (AGB) is defined as “the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody) life forms, expressed as a mass per unit area” , typically Mg ha –1. Urban trees can account for up to 97% of urban AGB . AGB can only be directly measured with destructive harvesting, an expensive and ...We set out to answer whether a 50% reduction in incident rainfall would reduce above ground dry matter (biomass) production; alter the biomass proportions from different plant functional types; and reduce regrowth of vegetation after a summer hay cut. The rainfall manipulation experiment was set up as part of the Drought Risk and You ...Dead aboveground biomass has a great effect on shading, and may cause a serious internal competition for light resources (Tanaka et al., 2016). The quality of harvested roughage may also be degraded by dead aboveground biomass. Thus, dead aboveground biomass was removed from all treatments at sites W and E on February 3 and 5 of 2015 ...Biomass, for the purposes of CEOS LPV, is defined as the dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody plant) life forms, typically expressed as a per area density (e.g. Mg of aboveground biomass per hectare). Thus, this does not include non-woody or belowground biomass.This indicator aims to monitor the amount of carbon stored in forests worldwide. Forests store carbon in their above- and belowground live biomass, dead wood and litter, and soils.In summary, plantlets transplanted during the first year led to an immediate reduction in dry matter concentration, recovering from the end of June onward (50 days after transplanting (DAT)) to reach values of about 400 and 500 mg g −1 for rhizome and aboveground biomass, respectively. In the second and third years, similar trends ...Dry matter of living (a, b) and dead (c, d) aboveground biomass above and below 7 cm of L. perenne at two levels of N fertilisation (Lp, LphighN) and of T. repens (Tr), under rainfed control...Aboveground live dry matter comprised 76% of the total live plus dead organic matter in these 10 stands, based on the FCP, so the contribution from dead organic matter was relatively small. Fig. 2 Relationship between measured dry matter (DM) stocks in Douglas-fir stands and adjusted predictions using the Forest Carbon Predictor (FCP)In this study, the aboveground dry matter (DM), the DM of different organs, and partition coefficients of a maize association mapping panel of 412 inbred lines were evaluated at the third and sixth leaf stages (V3 and V6). Further, the properties of these phenotypic traits were analyzed.

We conducted this study to evaluate the new in vitro system, DAISY II, to determine dry matter (DM) digestibility in ruminant feedstuffs. Results from the DAISY II were compared to those obtained by the traditional Tilly and Terry method. The traditional method buffer was used for both methods.The major result of our work highlighted that it was essential to carry out a gelatinization step to correctly estimate the in vitro dry matter digestibility of maize silage. The proposed protocol in this paper is innovative, reliable, highthroughput and easy to implement in many laboratories to accurately quantity in vitro dry ...The proposed protocol in this paper is innovative, reliable, highthroughput and easy to implement in many laboratories to accurately quantity in vitro dry matter digestibility. Keywords: In vitro digestibility, Maize silage, Gelatinization, ProtocolThe objectives of this study were to determine the chemical composition and in vitro digestibility of 5 conventional corn DDGS sources and 10 emerging novel corn coproducts for swine and ruminants, and compare coproducts produced using similar processes in the United States and Brazil.In vitro DM disappearance (IVDMD) and gas production methods have been developed and used to measure in vivo nutrient digestibility of feed ingredients, but further validation is needed for ingredients containing high concentrations of insoluble fiber such as corn distiller's dried grains with solubles (DDGS).The in vitro methods simulate the digestion processes in which the feed goes through rumen when ingested by ruminants (Mabjeesh, Cohen, & Arieli, 2000), as well as being economic and easy to...The study used a 2 × 3 factorial arrangement of treatments with two sources of inocu- lum and three methods. The study was replicated. Source of inoculum affected in vitro DM digestibility; the grass hay donor cow diet resulted in lower digesti- bility values in six of the 10 feeds tested.Chemical composition, in vitro dry matter digestibility and ruminal degradation of Napier grass (Pennisetum purpureum (L.) Schumach.) mixed with different levels of Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr. - ScienceDirect Animal Feed Science and Technology Volume 117, Issues 1–2, 10 November 2004, Pages 29-41The inclusion of GTEE to diet with high dosage had the greatest in vitro digestibility reduction compared to control. A decrease in fibre digestion due to higher sensitivity of cellulolytic bacteria to GTEE possibly causes to a decrease in the dry and organic matter digestibility.In vitro methods for measuring the dry matter digestibility of ruminant feedstuffs: comparison of methods and inoculum source Authors S J Mabjeesh 1 , M Cohen , A Arieli Affiliation 1 Department of Animal Sciences, The Faculty of Agricultural, Food, and Environmental Quality Sciences, Rehovot, Israel. mabjeesh@agri.hugi.ac.il PMID: 11049071

Agronomic and industrial characteristics related to the aboveground biomass (fresh and dry), chemical (sucrose, fiber, Brix, total recoverable sugar, extractives, ashes, lignin, cellulose sucrose Download full-size image Keywords Saccharum spp. Second-generation ethanol SucroseAn allometric measurement of abaca is an important approach in estimating the above-ground biomass and fiber yield data indirectly. Regression equations using the different parameters in estimating the various productivity indicators were developed and validated.17 Altmetric Metrics Abstract Forest biomass is key in Earth carbon cycle and climate system, and thus under intense scrutiny in the context of international climate change mitigation initiatives...We hypothesized that (1) the growth balance between aboveground and belowground parts of cotton is important for biomass accumulation, (2) root traits may be more important for growth balance of aboveground and belowground parts of cotton than leaves, and (3) the two kinds of cotton may have different resource acquisition strategies.Above ground biomass. 17/03/2021 4143 views 91 likes 453612 ID 00:00:29. Details. Vegetation biomass is a crucial ecological variable for understanding the evolution and potential future changes of the climate system, on a local, regional and even global scale. A series of new maps, generated by ESA’s Climate Change Initiative, is set to help ...Aboveground biomass (≈320GtC) represents ∼60% of global biomass, with belowground biomass composed mainly of plant roots (≈130GtC) and microbes residing in the soil and deep subsurface (≈100GtC), with ∼9GtC of terrestrial and marine bacteria and ∼12GtC in fungi.By integrating our RMF maps with existing aboveground plant biomass information, we estimate that in forests, shrublands and grasslands, respectively, 22%, 47% and 67% of plant biomass exists ...An allometric measurement of abaca is an important approach in estimating the above-ground biomass and fiber yield data indirectly. Regression equations using the different parameters in estimating the various productivity indicators were developed and validated.Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) plays an important role in the study of the carbon cycle and climate change in the global terrestrial ecosystem. AGB estimation based on remote sensing is an ...Above-ground live biomass (AGB) is identified as one of 54 essential climate variables (ECVs) by the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) because of its major role in the global carbon cycle.

This review, comprehensively elaborates the preparation of hemicellulose-based functional polymeric materials via chemical modification, including the structures and properties of hemicellulose; design strategies for harnessing hemicellulose; and various forms of hemicellulose-based functional polymeric materials such as ...A maximum total hemicellulose yield of 23.05% was obtained with KOH concentration of 3.7 wt% at 53°C for 28 min. However, the xylose content of the obtained hemicellulose was slightly decreased. Xylose was the dominant component in water-soluble hemicellulose (69.05%) and alkali-soluble hemicellulose (85.83%). In addition, the content of ...The aims of this review are to summary the recent developments and various applications of hemicellulose from wheat straw. The microstructure and molecule of hemicellulose extracted by different methods are comparably discussed. The hemicellulose-based derivatives and composites are also reviewed.The hemicellulose extracted from B-HWP was relatively pure with zero percent lignin and 89.5% xylose content whereas the partially delignified SWG hemicellulose contained about 6-3% lignin and 72–82% xylose, depending on the NaOH concentration during extraction (3–17% NaOH solution).Cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin as the main components of the cell wall [ [1], [2], [3]], and their contents are normally in the range of 40–60 wt%, 20–40 wt%, and 10–25 wt% of dry biomass, respectively.Under the optimal process conditions of 10wt% KOH combined with 3%NaBO 3 at 85 ℃ for 3 h, the removal rate of hemicellulose could reach 83.34% and the recovery rate was 64.50% Meanwhile, the extracted hemicellulose possessed significantly low color value and high molecular (23.35 kDa).In 2016, authors investigated the change in proton concentration for bamboo hemicellulose between autohydrolysis and dilute acid hydrolysis (Kapu et al., 2016). It found that all the acetyl group, ash content, initial acid concentration, and temperature affected the evolution of proton concentration during hydrolysis. The dilute ...First Online: 28 September 2023 10 Accesses Abstract Hemicellulose, a heterogeneous polysaccharide, plays a crucial role in the structural integrity of biomass, presenting an opportunity for its sustainable extraction and subsequent modification for a myriad of applications.In 2016, authors investigated the change in proton concentration for bamboo hemicellulose between autohydrolysis and dilute acid hydrolysis (Kapu et al., 2016). It found that all the acetyl group, ash content, initial acid concentration, and temperature affected the evolution of proton concentration during hydrolysis. The dilute ...Abstract: Hemicellulose is a major component of the complex biomass recalcitrance structure of fiber cell walls. Even though biomass recalcitrance protects plants, it affects the effective utilization of lignocellulosic biomass resources. Therefore, the separation and extraction of hemicellulose is very important.

Minimum content of dry matter: for fruit juices 12%, except for apple 10% and grape 15% concentrated fruit juice 45%, except concentrated lemon, strawberry and raspberry juice 32% An exception is made for concentrated lemon, strawberry and raspberry juices:Although no significant differences were detected in the above-ground dry matter weight, yield, and total soluble solids (TSS) of fruit juice of plants cultivated under different EC and pH ...Canned fruit is generally packed according to specified cut-out Brix concentrations (e.g. light syrup 14–18 °Brix; heavy syrup 18–22 °Brix). The final concentration or cut-out Brix therefore depends on four factors:Commercial samples are not recommended for regular intake due to the significant differences between artificial and fresh orange juice samples.Brix is primarily used in fruit juice, wine making, carbonated beverage industry, starch and the sugar industry. Plato is primarily used in brewing . Balling appears on older saccharimeters and is still used in the South African wine industry and in some breweries.Dissolved sugar in the fruit juice is measured in terms of Brix, Baume or Oechsle. However, the most widely used unit in the food and beverage industry is Brix. Brix can be measured in the field, on a plant, or at a shop. It indicates the number of dissolved solids in a liquid measured via its specific gravity (SG). One degree Brix is 1 g of sucrose in 100 g of solution (1 ∘ Brix = 1% sugar ...Among these hybrids, two ISHs, 99-488 and KGS 2004-60 had 18.70% and 18.55% juice brix, and 31.25 t ha −1, 32.93 t ha −1 dry biomass yield, respectively; therefore, these can be used as dual ...Furthermore, the temperature in the Mediterranean area is rising 25% faster than the rest of the globe, and in the summer, it is warming 40% faster than the global average. Climate change can ...solution has a brix of 8, indicating that every 100g of lemon juice contains 8 g of dissolved solids and 92 g of water. Similarly, lemon peel juice has a brix of 2 (2 g of dissolved solids and 98 g of water).The volume and weight of the expressed juice were recorded. Juice extraction efficiencies ranged from 50 to 60% (juice weight/plant fresh weight) and were similar among sweet sorghum...

Abstract. Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) plays an important role in the study of the carbon cycle and climate change in the global terrestrial ecosystem. AGB estimation based on remote sensing ...Aboveground biomass. Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) is not only the basis for estimating forest carbon storage, but also an important parameter for evaluating forest carbon cycle contribution and forest ecological function. Data saturation and fewer field plots limit the accuracy of AGB estimation.Abstract. NASA’s Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) is collecting spaceborne full waveform lidar data with a primary science goal of producing accurate estimates of forest aboveground biomass density (AGBD). This paper presents the development of the models used to create GEDI’s footprint-level (~25 m) AGBD (GEDI04_A ...With these data, we model carbon accumulation in aboveground live tree biomass and examine the biological, environmental, and human drivers that influence this growth. Our results identify four ...Globally harmonized maps of above and belowground living biomass carbon densities. (a) Aboveground biomass carbon density (AGBC) and (b) belowground biomass carbon density (BGBC) are shown ...Above-ground live biomass (AGB) is identified as one of 54 essential climate variables (ECVs) by the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) because of its major role in the global carbon cycle. Biomass stores carbon removed from the atmosphere by photosynthesis in long-lived woody pools and yields to carbon emissions to the ...For instance, the functional composition of wood density was the strongest driver in the case of aboveground plant biomass carbon, whereas the functional composition of both wood density and ...Above ground biomass (AGB) is defined as “the aboveground standing dry mass of live or dead matter from tree or shrub (woody) life forms, expressed as a mass per unit area” , typically Mg ha –1. Urban trees can account for up to 97% of urban AGB . AGB can only be directly measured with destructive harvesting, an expensive and ...Results show that aboveground biomass, belowground biomass and total biomass all increased with increasing growing season precipitation, as expected in this water-limited ecosystem. Biomass allocation patterns also changed along the precipitation gradient, but significant variation between species was apparent. Specifically, the belowground ...Apr 05, 2022. Article. NASA’s GEDI mission has reached a major milestone with the release of its newest data product, which provides the first near-global estimate of aboveground forest biomass and the carbon it stores – filling a key gap in climate research.

Normal potassium (K +) homeostasis maintains plasma K + concentration within a narrow range and is achieved by matching K + intake with excretion and ensuring proper distribution between extra- and intracellular fluid compartments.Potassium (K +) is the most abundant intracellular cation. Of the 3,500 mEq that constitute the total pool of the body, about 98% is confined to the intracellular fluid (ICF), at concentrations of 140-150 mEq/l, and only 2% (nearly 70 mEq) is located in the extracellular fluids (ECF), where it ranges from 3.5 to 5 mEq/l.Maintaining normal potassium (K +) concentrations in the extra- and intracellular fluid is critical for cell function. K + homeostasis is achieved by ensuring proper distribution between extra- and intracellular fluid compartments and by matching K + excretion with intake.Intracellular potassium concentration is 150 mmol/L (5.9 g/L), with the remainder present in the extracellular fluid. The extracellular fluid concentration of potassium is rather strictly maintained at a concentration of 3.5–5.5 mmol/L (137–215 mg/L).The average potassium concentration was found to be significantly higher in males \ ( (2846 \pm 525 \upmu g/g)\) compared to females \ ( (2116.2 \pm 432 \upmu g/g)\). We also observed a...Continuing Education Activity Potassium is an essential mineral constituent of the human body and is the chief cation found within the intracellular fluid of all cells. The chief indication for potassium administration is potassium deficiency or hypokalemia, a condition in which serum potassium level falls below a critical range.Potassium is the major cation in the ICF, and the intracellular potassium concentration is approximately 150 mmol l −1. In the ECF, however, the plasma potassium level normally ranges from only 3.5 to 5.0 mmol l −1 .Potassium, magnesium, calcium, urea, creatinine, bicarbonate and pH were measured from each blood test. Blood potassium concentrations values for each blood test are given in Table 2. ECG measurementsBy reviewing the general principles of bacterial membrane physiology and describing the molecular architecture and function of several bacterial K + -transporting systems, we aim to provide a framework for microbiologists studying bacterial potassium homeostasis and the many K + -translocating systems that are still poorly understood.The reference ranges for blood potassium levels are as follows [ 1] : Adult/elderly: 3.5-5.0 mEq/L or 3.5-5.0 mmol/L (SI units) Child: 3.4-4.7 mEq/L. Infant: 4.1-5.3 mEq/L. Newborn: 3.9-5.9 mEq/L. Results can be affected by diet, infusion of potassium-containing fluids, or an infusion of glucose or insulin.

In this work, a new spectroscopic method, called the CASA lignin method, was established for measuring the lignin content of lignocellulosic biomass by UV spectrophotometry, based on the full dissolution of whole biomass in 72% sulfuric acid (SA) containing the amino acid cysteine.Thus, solubility of lignin depends on absolute concentration of the base. The discussed results are consistent with the understanding of lignin dissolution as fractionation based on the acid–base properties of dissolving fractions.properties of lignin to absorb radiation in specific regions of the electromagnetic spectrum. Because lignin has stronger absorbance to UV light at a wavelength of 280 nm than carbo-hydrates, UV-microspectrophotometry was applied to measure lignin concentrations in cell walls of specific plant tissues.28,29Lignin analysis: the analyses of the pre-dried KSW, KHW, OHW, and SOD lignins described above were performed by first accurately weighing approximately 30 mg of lignin to the nearest 0.1 mg. To the lignin, 0.3 mL of the CDCl 3 /pyridine mixture were added, along with 0.2 mL of DMF. Then, 0.1 mL each of the internal calibrant and ...We found a lignin content of 20.52 ± 7.7% (mean ± SD) in the fine roots of mixed grassland communities of the Jena Experiment. The 74 samples spanned a species gradient of 1–16 species from a ...The initial concentration of Va was always 10 mmol/L. Thus, the α -5-type condensation product between Va and Cr, 2- (4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl)-6-methoxy-4-methylphenol ( VaCr, Fig. 3 ), was expected to form as the exclusive major product, at least in systems Cr50 and Cr75.They obtained removal efficiency of 90.2% and 79.4% of hemicellulose and lignin, respectively with an ethanol concentration of 61.7 g/L. Huang et al. (2018) , studied two crucial aspects of lignin-first biorefinery namely the catalyst regenerability and application of depolymerized products.We have also varied the initial lignin concentration for each lignin fraction and have attempted to understand the impact on the size, shape, and surface charge of the LNPs of factors such as the lignin origin, the Mw, the number of S/G units, the amounts of phenolic and aliphatic hydroxyl groups, β-O-4 bonds and the content of carbohydrate impu...The absorptivity at 280 nm has been employed by many authors to quantify the lignin concentration in a specific sample or solution. The correlation between the total lignin content (acid insoluble + acid soluble) and the UV absorptivity was hence tested, as plotted in Figure 2. As can be seen, there is considerable scattering around the sample ...An accurate method for estimation of lignin concentration is important for prediction of the digestible energy content of livestock feeds. The accuracy of lignin concentration estimates based on the Klason lignin and acid detergent lignin methods was compared. Ten diverse forage samples were analyzed for protein, carbohydrates ...

Complete, up-to-date, mineral database containing 4,714 mineral species descriptions and comprehensive picture library of images. These data are linked to mineral tables by crystallography, chemical composition, physical and optical properties, Dana classification, Strunz classification, mineral name origins, mineral locality ...Mineral matter consists of all the minerals and other inorganic elements existent in coal. Syngenetic mineral matter is usually intimately intergrown with Gondwana coals on a microscopic scale as it is already present during peat formation. However, a high level of ash is thought to have been of external origin, deposited by water and wind ...But minerals remain so much more than material fodder required for manufacturing and construction. They are entwined with our cultures, record keepers of Earth’s history, and present throughout ...This Review describes the major and emerging environmental mineral–organic interactions observed, and their implications for organic matter persistence.In geology and mineralogy, a mineral or mineral species is, broadly speaking, a solid substance with a fairly well-defined chemical composition and a specific crystal structure that occurs naturally in pure form. The geological definition of mineral normally excludes compounds that occur only in living organisms.The NASA/ESA/CSA James Webb Space Telescope has identified the atmosphere composition of the hot gas giant exoplanet WASP-39 b. This image displays four transmission spectra from three instruments used by Webb in four different instrument settings. They are all shown on the same scale, which ranges from 0.5 to 5.5 microns.The mineral matter in coal originates from several sources including sedimentary material deposited with the coal, minerals transported by water, and inherent material in the plant precursors. The majority of the mineral matter consists of minerals from one of four groups: aluminosilicates (clays), carbonates, sulfides, and silica (quartz). The ...Observational synthesis of mineral-associated carbon. In the present study, we aimed to quantify the maximum capacity of soils to stabilize mineral-associated organic carbon as a function of soil ...Minerals is an international, peer-reviewed, open access journal of natural mineral systems, mineral resources, mining, and mineral processing. Minerals is published monthly online by MDPI. Open Access — free for readers, with article processing charges (APC) paid by authors or their institutions.Herein, we report, for the first time, the impact of mineral water constituents (salts), different kinds of organic additives (surfactants, sucrose, glucose and carboxylic acids) and water matrices (natural mineral water, seawater and treated wastewater effluent) on the performance of this emerging AOP. It was observed that the presence of ...

open access • 23 Na MRI enables the quantification of tissue sodium concentration (TSC). • TSC quantification is primarily performed based on external reference phantoms. • Internal references have the potential to simplify 23Na MR imaging. • CSF and the vitreous humor as internal references on 50 stroke patients. •Scientific Reports - A method for estimating intracellular sodium concentration and extracellular volume fraction in brain in vivo using sodium magnetic resonance imagingDefinition Sodium concentration is maintained in a narrow range of 137 to 142 mEq/L of plasma. The value is 145 to 155 mEq/L of plasma water, a point to be noted because in a few circumstances there are significant changes in the plasma water concentration. Go to: TechniqueIn the combined data set plasma sodium level was significantly associated with ECFV (B [SE] = 0.10 [0.04], p = 0.02), and systolic blood pressure (SBP, B [SE] = 0.73 [0.26], p = 0.006), independent of ECFV. In conclusion, plasma sodium concentration is positively associated with ECFV on both LS and HS intake.Sodium is second only to protons in having the most sensitive biologically relevant MR signal. The considerably lower concentration (e.g. 35 mM sodium ions compared to 80M protons in human brain) and its four fold lower intrinsic sensitivity presented a significant barrier to early 23 Na MR imaging.Abstract. In this feasibility study we propose a method based on sodium magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for estimating simultaneously the intracellular sodium concentration (C 1, in mM) and the extracellular volume fraction (α) in grey and white matters (GM, WM) in brain in vivo.The present investigation has addressed this issue by using ethyl isopropyl amiloride (EIPA), a specific and potent inhibitor of Na + -H + exchange ( Geibel et al. 1989 ), to assess the extent of Na + -H + exchange in loops of Henle perfused in vivo. The loop of Henle is a heterogeneous nephron segment.Tissue sodium concentration across the whole brain was estimated from sodium MRI maps acquired at 3 T and compared between 24 patients with Friedreich ataxia (21–57 years old, 13 females) and 23 controls (21–60 years old, 12 females). Tensor-based morphometry was used to assess volumetric changes. Total sodium concentrations and ...Researchers have designed a highly sensitive paper-based sensor that can be used to measure and monitor changes in sodium ion levels in human blood serum and urine 1.Figure 1: Nax is a sodium concentration–sensitive sodium channel. ( a) Pseudocolor images showing [Na +] i of cells in the control solution ( [Na +] o = 145 mM) and in high sodium solution...

NDF: neutral detergent fiber; IVDMD: in vitro dry matter digestibility; IVNDFD48: in vitro neutral detergent fiber digestibility after 48 h incubation. Concerning IVDMD, 10 AIBPs had medium to high values ( P < 0.05) ranging from 48.9% to 90.4%, while 5 AIBPs had noticeably low IVDMD that were less than 34% ( Table 2 and Fig. 2 c).Introduction Recently, forage testing laboratories have begun to evaluate forages for neutral detergent fiber (NDF) digestibility. Evaluation of forages for NDF digestibility is being conducted to aid prediction of total forage digestibility. There are several important reasons why forages are being evaluated for NDF digestibility.Digestibility of NDF in vitro or in situ might be a better indicator of DMI than NDF digestibility in vivo because forages with high in vitro or in situ NDF digestibilities might have shorter rumen retention times, allowing greater DMI at the expense of NDF digestibility in vivo.A new in vitro lab assay has been developed that predicts total tract NDF digestion (TTNDFD) in ruminants. The test is based on a patented and licensed in vitro assay and model of fibre digestion. The in vitro TTNDFD assay is available through commercial labs and has been calibrated to NIR analysis.This work aimed to verify (i) whether the in vivo method with uNDF could be used to evaluate diet digestibility in growing pigs, and (ii) whether pre-treating the samples with neutral detergent solution (NDS) and α-amylase improves the accuracy of the estimates.The in vitro total-tract NDF digestibility ( TTNDFD) test predicts NDF digestion for alfalfa, corn silage, grass forages and byproduct feeds. UW-Madison researchers have validated the accuracy of the in vitro TTNDFD test against directly measured NDF digestibility in lactating dairy cattle.In vitro methods evaluated DM, N, and NDF digestibility and fermentability of 2 corn DDGS samples from U.S. (POET and ICM), 2 DDGS samples from Brazil (BR1 and BR2), 1 corn fiber and solubles sample (CF+S), 3 high protein distillers grains (HP-DDG) samples (BR-HP, US-HP, US-HPG1.5), and 2 HP-DDG samples containing high yeast (Ultramax; UM) and ...Method to measure in vitro neutral detergent fiber (NDF) digestibility (ivNDFD) based on a primed rumen fluid inoculum.Rate of pdNDF digestion can be determined by measuring the degradation of NDF in ruminal in vitro or in situ incubations at multiple time points, and fitting the change in residual pdNDF by time with log-transformed linear first order or nonlinear mathematical treatments.In vitro neutral detergent fiber (NDF) digestibility (NDFD) is an empirical measurement of fiber fermentability by rumen microbes. Variation is inherent in all assays and may be increased as multiple steps or differing procedures are used to assess an empirical measure.

The enzymatic digestibility of organic matter (EDOM) method is an in vitro multi-enzymatic method for estimating the organic matter (OM) digestibility of feeds. The EDOM method previously showed high accuracy with in vivo values for compound feeds. The aim of this study was to evaluate the precision of the EDOM method and determine ...The enzymatic digestibility of organic matter (EDOM) method is an in vitro multi-enzymatic method for estimating the organic matter (OM) digestibility of feeds. The EDOM method previously showed high accuracy with in vivo values for compound feeds.In Vitro Organic Matter Digestibility. A modified Tilley and Terry (1963) procedure was used to determine IVOMD of BH and BM. Briefly, after removal from bucket, 0.7 g of dried and ground (2 mm) samples were incubated with 50 mL of a 4:1 McDougall’s buffer:ruminal fluid inoculum in 100-mL plastic centrifuge tubes for 48 h under ...The enzymatic digestibility of organic matter (EDOM) method is an in vitro multi-enzymatic method for estimating the organic matter (OM) digestibility of feeds. The EDOM method previously showed high accuracy with in vivo values for compound feeds. The aim of this study was to evaluate the precision …Herbage samples (incubating substrate) were analyzed for their chemical composition, in vitro organic matter digestibility (IVOMD), and morphological components. In vitro incubations were performed under a randomized complete block design with four independent runs of each treatment.The purpose of this study was to evaluate the in vitro digestibility value of fermented cocoa pods using the NIRS method of feed analysis. This study used 18 samples of fermented cocoa shell waste, where the material used was fermented cocoa pod skin (KBK) then in vitro analysis was carried out. Samples were acquired spectrum by Thermo Integrative.The objective of the present study was to determine the precision with which laboratory and in situ measurements could predict the digestible organic matter in dry matter (DOMD) in vivo of mountain forages, using multiple linear, step-wise regression analyses.The meta-analysis results indicate that equations, containing apparent dry matter (DM) digestibility, total VFA production, propionate, valerate and feed type (forage vs. concentrate) resulted in best prediction of CH 4.Abstract. In vitro organic matter apparent digestibility (IVOMAD), true digestibility (IVOMTD), metabolizable energy (ME), net energy lactation (NEL), microbial nitrogen (MN) and synthesis of microbial biomass (MBM) were estimated to predict the nutritive values of some agricultural by-products, drought-tolerant range plants and browses.A simple technique for the determination in vitro of the dry- or organic-matter digestibility of small (0·5 g) samples of dried forages is described. It involves incubation first with rumen liquor and then with acid pepsin. Using 146 samples of grass, clover and lucerne of known in vivo digestibility ( Y ), the regression equation Y = 0·99 X ...

Dissolved organic matter (DOM) has been known to influence MeHg uptake, but the mechanisms have remained unclear. Here we show that the concentration of DOM-associated thiol functional groups...Listen. This paper includes a comprehensive literature review of sludge composition data from wastewater treatment plants. 722 data sets from 249 sources were used to establish typical ratios between COD and solids-based parameters and to verify rule-of-thumb values, respectively.453 Altmetric Metrics Abstract Burial of persistent organic pollutants (POPs) such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in deep-sea sediments contributes to 60% of their historical emissions. Yet,...Here, we examined the concentration and distribution of water-extractable organic matter (WEOM) and base-extractable organic matter (BEOM) in surface sediments from the lower Yangtze River, estuary, and the East China Sea. Chemical characteristics of the WEOM and BEOM were described by multiple ultraviolet-visible and fluorescence ...Abstract. Dissolved organic matter (DOM) includes an array of carbon-based compounds that vary in size and structure and have complex interactions with mercury (Hg) cycling in aquatic systems. While many studies have examined the relationship between dissolved organic carbon concentrations ( [DOC]) and methyl Hg bioaccumulation, few ...Humic substances (HS) are the primary constituents of dissolved organic matter (DOM) and play pivotal roles in aquatic systems. Optical indices of DOM, suc Optical indices of DOM, suc Contribution of humic substances to dissolved organic matter optical properties and iron mobilization | SpringerLinkWe investigated changes in dissolved organic carbon (DOC) concentration and dissolved organic matter (DOM) composition (lignin phenols, excitation-emission spectra using parallel factor analysis [PARAFAC], and the relative fraction of optically active DOM [EEMDOC]). DOC concentrations increased continually (p<0.001) downstream, from ...Introduction Dissolved organic matter (DOM) in the oceans represents one of the largest carbon pools on our planet 1. Part of this pool consists of so called labile DOM, which is characterized...Increased concentrations of natural organic matter (NOM), a complex mixture of organic substances found in most surface waters, have recently emerged as a substantial environmental issue. NOM has a significant variety of molecular and chemical properties, which in combination with its varying concentrations both geographically and ...Amendments using HMW DOM to increase the dissolved organic carbon concentration 4x (280 μ M) or 10x (700 μ M) the ocean surface water concentrations yielded positive growth in 4–6% of ...

Les pouvoirs calorifiques inférieurs (PCI) et facteurs d'émission (FE) s'appliquent aux combustibles quelle que soit leur humidité (à l'exception des NAPFUE 111 Bois et 116 Déchets de bois), leur teneur en cendres et leur taux de soufre.Le PCI des bûches est de l’ordre de 3,5 à 4 MWh/t (20-25%), celui des granulés de 4,5 à 5 MWh/t (5-10 %). Néanmoins, l’essence influe fortement sur l’énergie disponible par unité volumique. Avec les bûches, on recherche ainsi plutôt des feuillus durs qui, grâce à leur masse volumique importante, disposent d’une forte énergie volumique.Le Pouvoir Calorifique Inférieur (PCI) est l'énergie récupérée par la combustion, c'est-à-dire la quantité de chaleur libérée lors de la combustion complète. L'eau formée est évacuée sous forme de vapeur et s'échappe avec les fumées dans l'atmosphère.PCI du bois bûche à 20% d’humidité : 4 kWh / kg pour les résineux, 3,85 kWh/kg pour les feuillus déchiquetage ou broyage des résidus de l’entretien et de l’exploitation des forêts, haies et espaces non forestiers. Un temps de séchage est nécessaire (6 mois à 1 an) pour atteindre un taux d’humidité moyen de 20-30% PCI moyen : 3,3 kWh/kgEn raison de leurs propriétés chimiques, les différents types de combustibles présentent des PCI moyens variables : charbon : 9,25 kWh/kg ; gaz naturel : 10,58 kWh/kg ; fioul : 11,94 kWh/kg ; granulés de bois : 4,6 kWh/kg. Notons que le PCI le plus élevé est celui du dihydrogène. Il s’élève à plus de 33 kWh/kg. Toutefois, ce gaz si ...A titre de comparaison, le PCI du fioul domestique avoisine 42 MJ/kg (26 MJ/kg pour la houille). La biomasse couvre près de 10% des besoins mondiaux en énergie. Deux tiers de la consommation mondiale d'énergie issue de la biomasse sont consacrés à la cuisine et au chauffage dans les pays en voie de développement (3)Forest Research (Royaume-Uni) a publié un rapport en 2015 pour la Commission Européenne sur les impacts carbone de l’utilisation de la biomasse énergie en Europe, dans différents scénarios entre 2010 et 2050. Ce rapport propose un logigramme détaillé d’évaluation de sources de bois énergie, permettant d’identifier le ...A poids ou volume donné, il est évident que le pouvoir calorifique inférieur (PCI) est le critère le plus pertinent pour évaluer le prix du bois. En pratique, le PCI dépend des caractéristiques des combustibles concernés : l'humidité (c'est le paramètre le plus important), la granulométrie, le taux de cendres, la composition ...Plus précisément, en torréfiant la biomasse (bois par exemple) le PCI passe de 10-11 GJ/m 3 à 18-20 GJ/m 3 ce qui conduit à une économie de près de 50 % sur les coûts de transport. Une technologie émergente, encore plus performante en matière de bilan carbone et d' efficience énergétique est la carbonisation hydrothermale .La biomasse agricole est une ressource multifonctionnelle qui peut être considérée comme une source d’énergie ou de matériaux renouvelables à faible empreinte carbone dans la limite des disponibilités en sols, en matière organique et en eau, et des compétitions d’usage.

Soil total P concentration varied signiﬁcantly among parent material types, soil orders, biomes, and continents and ranged widely from 1.4 to 9630.0 (median 430.0 and mean 570.0)mgkg 1 across the globe.Biological phosphorus removal from wastewater is based on the activity of phosphorous-accumulating organisms (PAOs), which are characterised by two different metabolisms: (1) anaerobic phase: accumulation of readily biodegradable carbon substrates and the hydrolysis of intracellular polyphosphate which is released in the bulk liquid ...This indicator shows concentrations of phosphate and nitrate in rivers, total phosphorus in lakes and nitrate in groundwater bodies. The indicator can be used to illustrate geographical variations in current nutrient concentrations and temporal trends. Large inputs of nitrogen and phosphorus to water bodies from urban areas, industry ...The absorbance of PMB at the wavelength of 700 nm or 880 nm is linearly proportional to its concentration, allowing accurate quantification of the P concentration with the limit of detection (LOD) of 10 μg/L.2.2 Phosphorus concentrations in wastewater Table 1 shows concentrations of organic matter and nutrients (N and P) in different types of wastewater. Industrial wastewater of animal and plant origin has high TP concentrations of 12–780 and 35–350 mg/L.Total phosphorus (TP) content is a crucial evaluation parameter for surface water quality assessment, which is one of the primary causes of eutrophication. Determination of total phosphorus concentration in water by using visible-near-infrared spectroscopy with machine learning algorithm | SpringerLinkWithin a few days of collection, water samples were filtered and a series of water quality parameters were determined, including concentrations of total phosphorus (C TP) and particulate phosphorus (C PP), C TDP, chlorophyll-a (C Chla), and total suspended matter (C TSM).The actual concentration of phosphate in phosphorus-limited waters is largely unknown because commonly used chemical and radiochemical techniques overestimate the concentration 7,8. Here, using a ...The average concentrations of phosphine in anaerobic reactors using glucose and L-malic acid as carbon sources were 160.73 mg/m 3 and 90.80 mg/m 3 over days 24–40, respectively. When glucose was used as carbon source, the proportions of biologically available phosphorus (i.e., the sum of non-apatite inorganic phosphorus and organic ...Nature Geoscience - Analyses of phosphorus concentrations in more than 370 watersheds of the Great Lakes Basin from 2003 to 2019 suggest widespread increases in soluble reactive phosphorus...

Background and Aims Empirical studies and allometric partitioning (AP) theory indicate that plant above-ground biomass ( MA) scales, on average, one-to-one (isometrically) with below-ground biomass ( MR) at the level of individual trees and at the level of entire forest communities.The allometric equation, estimates the whole or partial mass of a plant species from measurable tree dimensions, including trunk diameter, height, wood density, crown area, or their combination...Background and aims: Empirical studies and allometric partitioning (AP) theory indicate that plant above-ground biomass (MA) scales, on average, one-to-one (isometrically) with below-ground biomass (MR) at the level of individual trees and at the level of entire forest communities.Background and Aims Empirical studies and allometric partitioning (AP) theory indicate that plant above-ground biomass (MA) scales, on average, one-to-one (isometrically) with below-ground biomass ...Total dry aboveground biomass (AGB) of trees is the total quantity of dry organic matter that is located above the ground, which is accommodated by the branches, leaves, stems, stumps, bark, and fruits (Neumann et al. Citation 2016; Migolet et al. Citation 2020).As a comprehensive description of the amount of the existing biomass above the ground, ... it is not yet possible to determine Ω on a scale larger than the shoot level, neither with the TRAC nor with the MVI (see below), as mentioned by Chen et al. . Shortly after the TRAC was brought to the market, Kucharik et al. presented the multiband vegetation imager (MVI). The MVI allows distinguishing ...It is our hypothesis that the scaling rule is based on a dynamic allometric ratio between the dry weights of two different organs (that is, stem biomass (SB) and above-ground biomass...Above-ground biomass is traditionally measured through laborious and destructive methods, requiring crop cuts to be collected from field plots and dried in an oven before being weighed to assess the dry biomass of each sample.The ground truth biomass at the individual plant level was measured by summing the stem and leaf group biomass of an individual plant. By contrast, it is hard to dry the plot biomass in the laboratory because there were 858 individual plants.We developed an approach for harmonizing vegetation-specific maps of both above and belowground biomass into a single, comprehensive representation of each. We overlaid input maps and allocated ...

Abstract. Background and Aims Empirical studies and allometric partitioning (AP) theory indicate that plant above-ground biomass ( MA) scales, on average, one-to-one (isometrically) with below-ground biomass ( MR) at the level of individual trees and at the level of entire forest communities.Background and aims: Empirical studies and allometric partitioning (AP) theory indicate that plant above-ground biomass (MA) scales, on average, one-to-one (isometrically) with below-ground biomass (MR) at the level of individual trees and at the level of entire forest communities.The allometric equation, estimates the whole or partial mass of a plant species from measurable tree dimensions, including trunk diameter, height, wood density, crown area, or their combination...PDF | Background and Aims Empirical studies and allometric partitioning (AP) theory indicate that plant above-ground biomass (MA) scales, on average,... | Find, read and cite all the research you ...The calculation made the total fresh biomass of an individual by the sum of all the fresh plant parts. Field-work electronic scale helped weigh the samples. The study took five sub-samples from each type of foliage, branches and disk of stems from each of the felled tree individuals. The weight of the fresh sub-samples was taken in ...The main aim of this study is to develop and validate an image analysis-based approach for non-destructive measurement of above-ground FBM and DBM for individual plants. Additionally, the method addresses the vertical distribution of biomass, dry matter content (DMC), which has not been carried out before, and – if repeatedly ...In addition to collecting data from previous work, we measured above-ground biomass of 3139 individual trees and shrubs from 22 sites, representing contrasting climatic regions and planting types (Table 2). At eight of these sites, whole-plots were harvested and above-ground biomass determined. This was used for assessing the bias ...Abstract. Forest aboveground biomass (AGB) plays an important role in the study of the carbon cycle and climate change in the global terrestrial ecosystem. AGB estimation based on remote sensing ...The above-ground fresh biomass weight of wheat (AFBW) refers to the total amount of fresh organic matter accumulated after the assimilation of photosynthetic production including stem, leaf and spike. AFBW is an important index to evaluate crop growth capacity and directly reflects the health status of crops [ 1 ].Given that our harmonized woody biomass map contains biomass estimates for grid cells in which any amount of tree cover was detected at the subpixel level (see section 1.1), we conserved its ...

Lakes Collectively, Earth's lakes hold 199,000 km 3 of water. [7] Most lakes are in the high northern latitudes, far from human population centers. [8] [9] The North American Great Lakes, which contain 21% of the world's fresh water by volume, [10] [11] [12] are an exception. The Great Lakes Basin is home to 33 million people. [13]This chapter summarizes the current knowledge of the water content of the Earth, the water distribution between our planet’s different layers, and the water fluxes between these reservoirs. To this end, a vast range of data is utilized, encompassing actual measurements of water concentrations in crustal and mantle rock samples ...About 71% of Earth's surface is covered with water, and a colossal 96.5% of the planet's water supply is found in the oceans, according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). But water doesn't just ...Soil composition by Volume and Mass, by phase: air, water, void (pores filled with water or air), soil, and total. Water content or moisture content is the quantity of water contained in a material, such as soil (called soil moisture), rock, ceramics, crops, or wood.Spheres showing: (1) All water (largest sphere over western U.S., 860 miles (1,385 kilometers) in diameter) (2) Fresh liquid water in the ground, lakes, swamps, and rivers (mid-sized sphere over Kentucky, 169.5 miles (272.8 kilometers) in diameter), and (3) Fresh-water lakes and rivers (smallest sphere over Georgia, 34.9 miles i (56.2 kilometers...Earth's water is (almost) everywhere: above the Earth in the air and clouds, on the surface of the Earth in rivers, oceans, ice, plants, in living organisms, and inside the Earth in the top few miles of the ground. For an estimated explanation of where Earth's water exists, look at this bar chart.In order to exploit resources, the essential oils of the plant aerial part and root were extracted, separately called as VOA and VOR, their chemicals were identified. The tumor necrosis factor-α ...The water segment has an area of 3.6 ×108km2. So the percent of Earth's surface that is covered by water is. 3.6 × 108km2 5.1 × 108km2 ×100 % = 71%. If you could form all of the water on Earth into a sphere, it would have a diameter of 1385 km. That's a lot smaller than Earth itself.And almost all of it—96.5 percent—is salt water. Salt water has different kinds of salt in it, but it mostly has sodium chloride, the same salt we add to our food. Just 3.5 percent of the water on Earth is fresh water we can drink. And most of that fresh water, 68 percent, is trapped in ice and glaciers. A third of the fresh ...Therefore, the optimal ratio of visible water to visible greenery ( WR / GR) is approximately 0.8. Deviation from this value reduces visual harmony and preference. When the value of WR / GR is too low, a moderate increase in the amount of visible water WR will improve visual harmony and preference.

Changes in concentrations of soluble sugars are a very rapid response of Arabidopsis to low temperature, occurring as quickly as 2 h after exposure to 1 °C ( Wanner & Junttila 1999 ).In today's context, the survival of plants under environmental stress is an extensive area of research. In addition, increase in the concentration of soluble sugars such as, glucose, sucrose and fructose enhances plant tolerance to several abiotic stresses, such as drought, salinity and cold (Rathinasabapathi, 2000).Soluble sugars, mostly comprised of glucose, fructose and sucrose, may be determined using refractometry or colorimetry. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) is the mostly used technique for analysis of individual compounds ( Ma et al., 2014 ).Sensing intracellular soluble sugar pathways, however, provides incomplete information about the metabolic status of plant cells, since they ignore the concentration of soluble sugars in the apoplast and, perhaps more importantly, the apoplast-cytosol and the vacuole-cytosol fluxes of sugars. Consequently, a complex signalling network underlying to sugar-sensing pathways is present.The content and the ratio of soluble sugars and organic acids in fruits are significant indicators for fruit quality. They are affected by multiple environmental factors, in which water-deficient is the most concern. Previous studies found that the content of soluble sugars and organic acids in fruit displayed great differences under ...Soluble sugars are metabolic substrates that play a fundamental role in controlling several processes in diverse plant developmental phases. Sugars such as glucose, sucrose and fructose are reported throughout the plant kingdom and have a dominant role in structure and metabolism at the cellular and whole-plant level.At maturity, grape showed the highest soluble sugar concentrations (16.5–26.3 g/100 g FW), followed by peach (2.2 to 20 g/100 g FW) and tomato (1.4 to 5 g/100 g FW). Main processes determining soluble sugar concentration were decomposed into sugar importation, metabolism, and water dilution with the process-based analysis.Fruit species also showed a large diversity in soluble sugar concentration at maturity, with grape having the highest soluble sugar concentrations (16.5 to 26.3 g/100 g FW), followed by peach (2.2 to 20 g/100 g FW), cherry tomato (3.5 to 6.1 g/100 g FW), and tomato (1.4 to 5 g/100 g FW; Figure 1 ).The freezing tolerance and soluble sugar concentration of grape buds were measured monthly during the dormant season in the field and at 2wk, 4wk, and 6wk after ABA application in the greenhouse. It was observed that fructose, glucose, and sucrose are the main soluble sugars that correlate with freezing tolerance of grape buds and ...The use of phenol−sulfuric acid with a phenol concentration of 2% provided a relatively simple and reliable colorimetric method to quantify the total soluble-sugar concentration. Performing parallel sugar assays with and without phenol was more useful for accounting for the interfering effects of other substances present in plant ...

measurement of root dry biomass at plot level: experimental variable: plant: agronomy: ferti_K_app_rate_kg.ha1: potassium application rate for soil fertilization: itk: organic fertilization: soil: abv_sugar_fm_content_% percentage of sugar of the fresh matter overground biomass: experimental variable: plant: biomass qualityIn most sugarcane production systems, fresh mature cane tonnage (i.e., cane yield) and sucrose content in fresh cane are two major yield components of sugar yield. In energy cane production systems, however, dry biomass and its chemical composition are more important compared with fresh biomass. A better understanding of plant material ...Based on that, we developed two general equations valid for all varieties: SFB = 0.046 H × D1.5647 and AB = 0.4001 H × D1.0743. To calculate biomass per hectare, SFB and AB must be multiplied by ...Summary results for total biomass composition analysis on all 36 sugarcane samples utilised in this study are presented in Table 1. The percentage extractives on a DW basis fell between 12.9 and 73%. On an extractive free basis, or % of alcohol insoluble residue (AIR), the results were as follows, 14.5–31.3% cellulose, 9.9–25.5% ...Speciﬁc subject area Cropping systems of sugar cane in association with cover crops. Type of data Texts. How data were acquired Primary source: (i) List of experimental variable names acquired manually by a community of researchers in a network of trials performed from 1987 to 2022 in La Réunion, Madagascar, Mali, Senegal and Burkina Faso [list_of_researcher_variables.txt]; (ii) List of ...Understanding of the anatomic structure of plant biomass, the location and distribution of cell wall components, and the chemical transfer into cell walls is important for developing effective pretreatment processes for sugar production from plant-biomass by enzymes or acids.This study demonstrated as the sugar beet biomass increased towards later growing period, biomass estimation using red light-based vegetation indices were less accurate as compared to that using band depth analysis in the vicinity of the red edge.Total biomass yields of 120 Mg ha −1 and up to 35 Mg dry matter (DM) ha −1 at the Ardoyne Farm and total biomass > 140 Mg ha −1 and 50 Mg DM ha −1 at Spanish Trail were observed. Sucrose levels ranging from 2000 to 8000 kg ha −1 were recorded between August and September of each year.Group B had higher fresh biomass, total dry matter percentages, and dry biomass-related traits. The IGH KGS 99-100 and ISHs GU 07-3704, KGS 2004-13, KGS 2004-186, KGS 2004-60 and 99-489 can be ...Df = degrees of freedom.. Standardization was done by division of aboveground biomass by the mean biomass per treatment. We obtained results from different linear mixed effects model analyses: treatment was fitted as a factor with four levels in model A and depicted into a year (2003 vs. 2017, according to Table 1), a soil history (− SH vs. + SH, according to Table 1) and a plant history ...

The root/shoot ratio (RSR) is the ratio of the belowground biomass to the aboveground biomass, which is the parameter that most directly reflects biomass allocation by plants. Many plants would change their RSR in response to shading or low nutrient availability ( Reynolds and D'antonio, 1996 ; Aphalo et al., 1999 ), so RSR is an ...Using data from 108 destructively harvested trees belonging to 36 miombo species, we estimated root to shoot ratios, and developed models for estimation of aboveground biomass (AGB), BGB and total biomass C stocks in the Copperbelt province of Zambia. We also validated our models using independent datasets from elsewhere in Zambia ...Mediterranean landscapes. This study developed and tested models to predict the belowground biomass and root/shoot ratio using aboveground field measures. The predictive power of such indirect measurement is useful for a rapid and reliable assessment of the biomass of the Mediterranean species.That is, plants will allocate relatively more biomass to roots if the limiting factor for growth is below ground (e.g. nutrients, water), whereas they will allocate relatively more biomass to shoots if the limiting factor is above ground (e.g. light, CO 2). The ‘functional’ aspect of this response is that it probably increases ...Step 1 Calculate biomass of VOB: = 300 m 3 /ha x 0.65 t/m 3 = 194 t/ha Step 2 Calculate the BEF (Eq. 3.1.4): BV > 190 t/ha, therefore BEF = 1.74 Step 3 Calculate aboveground biomass density (Eq. 3.1.1): = 1.74 x 300 x 0.65 = 338 t/ha. Example 2. Broadleaf forest with a VOB = 150 m 3 /ha and weighted average wood density, WD = 0.55 t/m 3Estimating above-ground biomass (AGB) accurately includes several steps, such as the assignment of a wood density value to a tree, the choice of a biomass allometric model or the choice of a height–diameter (H–D) model when tree height data are incomplete or absent.The present study aimed (1) to develop allometric equations to estimate the above- and below-ground biomass of L. sibirica trees, and (2) to estimate the root/shoot ratio applicable for estimating the root biomass based on above-ground biomass of natural larch forests in northern Mongolia.We developed an approach for harmonizing vegetation-specific maps of both above and belowground biomass into a single, comprehensive representation of each. We overlaid input maps and allocated ...It is not feasible to estimate the root to shoot ratio or develop a root biomass equation linking above-ground biomass to root biomass in the case of non-tree vegetation such as herbs, shrubs and grasses; with such plants, the soil core method is the one most commonly used for the purpose. The broad steps in estimating theFig. 7: Illustration of our main finding of warming effects on plant total biomass, above- and belowground biomass, and root:shoot ratio. a Biomes with low mean annual precipitation (MAP ...

The root/shoot ratio (RSR) is the ratio of the belowground biomass to the aboveground biomass, which is the parameter that most directly reflects biomass allocation by plants. Many plants would change their RSR in response to shading or low nutrient availability ( Reynolds and D'antonio, 1996 ; Aphalo et al., 1999 ), so RSR is an important ...Mediterranean landscapes. This study developed and tested models to predict the belowground biomass and root/shoot ratio using aboveground field measures. The predictive power of such indirect measurement is useful for a rapid and reliable assessment of the biomass of the Mediterranean species.The study estimates that roots make up 22% of total forest biomass, 47% of total shrubland biomass, and 67% of total grassland biomass. Globally, the below- ground portion of plants is 24%, meaning nearly a quarter of the carbon stored by plants world- wide is underground.Formulae display:? Globally, belowground biomass (BGB) accounts for 20–26% of total biomass, and as such it is an important carbon (C) pool for many vegetation types. However, large uncertainty exists for belowground biomass C compared to aboveground stocks.The present study aimed (1) to develop allometric equations to estimate the above- and below-ground biomass of L. sibirica trees, and (2) to estimate the root/shoot ratio applicable for estimating the root biomass based on above-ground biomass of natural larch forests in northern Mongolia.BIOMASS performs a number of standard tasks on input forest tree inventories: (i) tree species identification, if available, is automatically corrected; (ii) wood density is estimated from tree species identity; (iii) if height data are available, a local height–diameter allometry may be built; else height is inferred from pantropical or regiona...open access • 441 root:shoot records were compiled for 32 locations in south temperate forests. • Root:shoot ratios were size-invariant in most tree taxa assessed. • Most dicots had similar root:shoot ratios between south and north temperate forests. • Divergences in root allocation were only noted for gymnosperms and tree ferns. •Fig. 7: Illustration of our main finding of warming effects on plant total biomass, above- and belowground biomass, and root:shoot ratio. a Biomes with low mean annual precipitation (MAP ...Allometric equation Aboveground biomass Belowground biomass Regression equation Root to shoot ratio Seedling Sapling Species specific equation Tropical dry deciduous forest Abbreviations D diameter HA poor understanding of the fraction of global plant biomass occurring belowground as roots limits our understanding of present and future ecosystem function and carbon pools. Here we create a ...

FREE TO PLAY. FOOTBALL GAMING. MASTER THE PITCH WITH REALISTIC PLAYS AND TACTICS, BUILD YOUR CLUB FROM THE GROUND UP, AND RISE IN THE RANKS TO BECOME THE CHAMPIONS OF THE UFL UNIVERSE! RICH METAGAME, CONTINUOUS PROGRESS, AND FAIR PHILOSOPHY.0. À l'occasion de la gamescom 2021, nous avons pu découvrir brièvement UFL, un nouveau jeu de foot, qui vise bien évidemment à concurrencer FIFA et eFootball, les deux licences implantées de longue date sur le marché vidéoludique.Strikerz Inc. n'a pas encore annoncé de date de sortie exacte pour UFL, mais le jeu tombera à un courant 2022. Un lancement à l'automne semble probable étant donné que c'est à ce moment-là ...L'UFL est un jeu de football qui change la donne. Avec son modèle free-to-play, son intelligence artificielle avancée et ses tournois mondiaux en ligne, l'UFL est en passe de devenir le prochain grand jeu de football. La sortie du jeu est prévue pour le second semestre 2023.Attendu par beaucoup comme le nouveau grand concurrent de FIFA, leader incontesté sur le marché du jeu vidéo de football, UFL a dévoilé jeudi soir les premières images de son moteur de jeu.A Propos. WAFU ZONE B est l'instance dirigeante du football ouest-africain habilitée par la Confédération Africaine de Football afin de mettre en œuvre les politiques de développement du football de la CAF dans l'union de zone B Nous organisons également des tournois sexospécifiques sous l'égide de la CAFUFL : retrouvez toutes les informations et actualités du jeu sur tous ses supports. UFL est un nouveau concurrent pour les jeux PES eFootball et FIFA. Il s'agit bien sûr d'une simulation de jeux ...UFL sur Xbox Series : retrouvez toutes les informations, les tests, les vidéos et actualités du jeu sur tous ses supports. UFL est un nouveau concurrent pour les jeux PES eFootball et FIFA.Date de sortie, gameplay, détails : retrouvez toutes les informations relatives à UFL, nouveau jeu de foot développé par Strikerz Inc. Retrouvez toute l'actualité du jeu UFL, dont la date de sortie est prévue pour 2023, ainsi que des guides, astuces et mises à jour pour tout connaître du titre de Strikerz Inc.Posted on May 23, 2022 by tgale@ufl.edu. UFIT enabled the Office of Strategic Communications & Marketing (SCM) to lift the University of Florida’s web presence. The full rebranding of the top-level domain (i.e., the UF homepage), referred to as Tier 1 of the project, went live on April 11.

All crops required a lower herbicide intensity when grown in longer rotations: on average TFI decreased by 19% and 11% resp. depending on the location, and NAI decreased by 0.3 on average per year. Highest yields were harvested with a medium to high weed control target.The aim was to quantify the influence of the real-time application of variable herbicide rates on the amount of herbicides used, grain yield and late weed infestation. In 13 field trials average herbicide savings of 24.6% were achieved (cereals: 22.8%, pea: 27.9%), and compared with conventional application on average no yield ...Gravesen L (2003) The Treatment Frequency Index: an indicator for pesticide use and dependency as well as overall load on the environment. Reducing pesticide dependency in Europe to protect health, environment and biodiversity, Copenhagen, Pesticides Action Network Europe (PAN), Pure Conference.Among the recorded systems, herbicide treatment frequency index (HTFI) averaged over rotation increased when tillage frequency decreased. No recorded no-till system was herbicide-free. The untilled crops with the lowest HTFI (0.16) were unusual crops, i.e., relay grass-crops or multi-annual crops.Two indicators were used for the amount of herbicide applied: the total application rate and the treatment frequency index (SM Materials and Methods). LMM were analysed with a type III...Given a strongly right-skewed distribution, we log transformed application frequency. We adopted a common measure of pesticide intensity, the rate of application (Steinmann 2018), calculated as the amount of AI by extent of application (kg ha −1). Grouping by focal-field, pesticide class, and crop, we then summarized application ...Last Updated: 01 Oct 2023. PDF | The present work aims to describe a proposal of scale of grades for analysis of herbicide efficiency to make results of researches closer to the... | Find, read ...In an attempt to improve herbicide characterization and thus rotational strategy, categorizations of herbicides according to their application stage and weed selectivity were also modelled for the ...Herbicide applications removed weed plants from the population, the proportion of which was dependent on the overlap between application time and weed emergence, as well as the standard control ...Introduction. Weeds are among the crop pests and they reduce crop economic yield by 10 to 15% yearly, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations 1.Meanwhile, weeds are also the hosts of various crop pests and pathogens 2.Herbicides with different sites of action are by far the most effective weed control tools developed, killing 90 to 99% of the weeds targeted 3 ...

Pierson et al. (2007b) found an increase from 16% to 36% ground cover greatly reduced rill erosion in western juniper (Juniperus occidentalis Hooker) communities. Packer (1951) found 70% ground cover was about equal to 90% for control of overland flow and erosion on perennial wheatgrass sites on gradients of 33−66%. He suggested 70 ...Plant cover was estimated as the vertical projection of all above-ground organs such that the total vegetation cover may exceed 100%. The cover of flowering nectariferous plants and total ...First, by providing ground cover, plants reduced soil erosion rates dramatically. Second, by growing along stream margins, plants stabilized channel banks and defined a new relationship between stable streams and periodically inundated floodplains.The relationship between ground cover (%) and soil loss via surface erosion is significant and potentially non-linear, with rapid increases in surface erosion as ground cover falls below 30% ( Greene et al., 1994; Silburn et al., 2011 ).Crop improvement efforts are targeting increased above-ground biomass and radiation-use efficiency as drivers for greater yield. Early ground cover and canopy height contribute to biomass production, but manual measurements of these traits, and in particular above-ground biomass, are slow and labor-intensive, more so when made at multiple developmental stages. These constraints limit the ...Perennial groundcovers can improve vegetative cover in both annual and perennial cash-crop production. Incorporating low-growing, non-competitive (i.e. ecologically complementary) PGC into cash-crop fields restores continuous vegetative cover without interfering with cash-crop productivity ( Figure 1C ).Tradescantia fluminensis biomass increased dramatically at > 80% cover, with few native species able to persist at such high levels of invasion. Landscape context had almost no influence on...Maintaining ground cover is one of the most efficient ways of ensuring long-term sustainability of rangelands via soil conservation as 1) ground cover plays a direct role on the condition and trend of soils and 2) ground cover may be directly affected through land management activities including grazing ( Bates et al. 2009; Bork et al. 2012 ).Hay harvest had a strong negative effect on bare-ground cover (P = < 0.001, Supplementary Table S4): bare ground increased from 4.2 ± 0.85% in no hay harvested plots to 21.0 ± 1.70% in hay ...Cover can be measured for the entire vegetation in an area (e.g., "total vegetative cover was 45%"), or can be applied to individual species (e.g., "sagebrush cover was 10 to 15%"). Four Types of Cover. Basal Cover = The proportion of the plant that extends into the soil. Compared to other estimates of cover, basal cover is:

Ruizhi Xie Add to Mendeley https://doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2023.01.016 Get rights and content Highlights • Bilinear models could accurately predict maize leaf appearance time. • Turning points consistently occurred when the leaf age index was 60.0%. • Phyllochron was greater in earlier leaves than in later leaves. Abstract Phyllochron KeywordsBiophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf −1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day −1 ). However, such important parameter values are rarely estimated for modern maize hybrids.The average rate of leaf tip appearance was 0.022 leaf (°C d) −1; the plastochron was 45.7 °C d per leaf. The thermal duration of leaf expansion, i.e. the horizontal distance between leaf tip appearance and ligule appearance ( Fig. 1 a), depended on leaf number, but was not systematically affected by N supply and did not differ ...Results indicated that new 111-day hybrids produce leaves faster than old hybrids throughout the vegetative phase (7.4% and 3.1% faster before and after the ninth leaf stage, respectively), whereas new 103-day hybrids produce leaves faster only after the ninth leaf stage (9.4%).... The ALN on a stem or plant is associated with the leaf area expansion, and this is due to the interception of solar radiation, photosynthesis and accumulation of biomass by the crop (Streck...Plant height, plant leaf area, leaf number per plant, individual leaf area and dry weight, stem diameter, specific leaf weight (SLW), and leaf weight ratio (LWR) in bell pepper as a function of ...This study has been designed to estimate leaf lifespan, leaf production ( Lp) and leaf death ( Ld) rates, the age structure of leaves, and the decline in maximum photosynthetic rate ( Amax) with age in plants of Ipomoea pes-caprae growing with a full supply of nutrients and with a low Ca supply.From the emergence to the V10 stage, leaf collar emergence occurs at ∼29.5 °C d per leaf for upper leaves (the 13 th and higher), and LCA is ∼10 °C d/leaf (Wuethrich, 1997). The leaf-appearance rates are 61.7 °C d per leaf for the first through 12 th leaves and 35.3 °Cd per leaf for the 13 th and higher leaves (Muchow and ...Biophysical crop models convert GDD accumulation to leaf numbers by using a constant parameter termed phyllochron (°C-day leaf -1) or leaf appearance rate (LAR; leaf o C-day -1 ). However, such important parameter values are rarely estimated for modern maize hybrids.Thermal time to reach developmental stages (A, B), duration of leaf expansion (C, D), normalized leaf elongation rate (LER; E, F), and final leaf length (G, H) for two maize hybrids with different flowering time and final leaf number (Déa, 16 leaves; Volga, 19 leaves; Dataset A, Table 1). (A and B) Thermal time from emergence to ...

In addition to cover crop traits, in the weed control trials, we assessed two weed control efficiency indices in terms of weed ground cover (WCE COV) and biomass (WCE DM). Like for cover crop traits, a mean ground cover index for weed over time (COV Weed) was calculated in each plot in each trial.While cover crops reduced weed ground cover and dry mass by 60% and 68% on average in summer and winter, respectively, a higher number of cover crop species within a mixture did not increase mean weed control. Nonetheless, weed control was influenced by the mixture composition and improved when including Guizotia abyssinica.Weed control efficiency represents efficiency of weeds control by treatments in comparison with weedy check. Highest weed control efficiency was recorded in weed free plot (T 8) i.e. 96.57 per cent followed by treatment (T 4) Pendimethalin 30% EC @ 1kg a.i./ha (PE) + Imazethapyr 10% SL @ 100g a.i./ha (PoE) 78.00%. Treatment (T 7) weedy check ...The most common methods of weed suppression by an actively growing cover crop include competition for limited plant growth resources that result in reduced weed biomass, seed production, and hence reductions in the addition of seeds to the soil seedbank.The thermal control of weeds is based on the use of fire, flaming, hot water, steam and freezing, which provide rapid weed control without leaving chemical residues in the soil and water. Moreover, thermal methods are selective towards the weeds, do not disturb the soil and, therefore, do not bring the buried seeds to the soil ...Weed index is the measure of the efficiency of a particular treatment when compared with a weed free treatment. It is expressed as percentage of yield potential under weed free. More...Here, we review services and disservices associated with weeds in annual agroecosystems and present two case studies from the United States to illustrate how weeds growing in fall-planted cover crops can provide ground cover, decrease potential soil losses, and effectively manage nitrogen. We argue that in certain circumstances ...Common cover crops for weed control could be classified in four-group bases taxonomy: cereals, legumes, non-legumes, and brassicaceae plants . One of the cereals, rye (Cereale secale L.), is most commonly used as a winter cover crop in soybean and corn as it provides reasonable weed control and yield .Physical weed control measures such as burning, flame weeding, and soil steaming can be used to effectively control weed emergence and growth through plant or seed exposure to high temperatures. An integrated approach incorporating soil steaming, cover crops, and mulching can result in reduced herbicide reliance and effective weed ...To reduce reliance on herbicides and maintain crop productivity, integrated weed management (IWM) seeks to optimize synergies between diverse sets of weed management practices combined at the cropping system scale. Nevertheless, data on weed community response to the long-term implementation of IWM practices remain scare. Here, we ...

Weed control efficiency represents efficiency of weeds control by treatments in comparison with weedy check. Highest weed control efficiency was recorded in weed free plot (T 8) i.e. 96.57 per cent followed by treatment (T 4) Pendimethalin 30% EC @ 1kg a.i./ha (PE) + Imazethapyr 10% SL @ 100g a.i./ha (PoE) 78.00%. Treatment (T 7) weedy check ...4. Weed Persistence Index (WPI): WPI= WT WC X WPC PT Where, W C = Weed dry weight in control (unweeded) plot. W T = Weed dry weight in treated plot. W PC = Weed population in control (unweeded) plot. W PT = Weed dry weight in treated plot. 5. Herbicide Efficiency Index (HEI): indicates the weed killing potential of a herbicide treatment and itsStone and Pedigo (1972): Economic threshold = Gain threshold/Regression coefficient Where, gain threshold = Cost of weed control (Hc+Ac)/Price of produce (Gp), and regression coefficient (b) is...Sabine Keßler, Evelyne Stoll, Stéphanie Zimmer Add to Mendeley https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eja.2023.126842 Get rights and content • Soybeans yields were significantly maximized by hoeing rather than by harrowing. • The hoe had a significantly higher weed control efficiency than the harrow. •Bispyribac 30 g ha-1 resulted in highest weed control efficiency (85.7%), crop resistance index and herbicide efficiency index. Weed index was lowest in bispyribac 30 g ha-1....The weed control efficacy (60 and 120 g a.i. ha−1) experiment showed that QYR301 exhibited high efficacy against many weeds, especially weeds infesting paddy fields. Furthermore, it is ...A field study was conducted at CSIR-IHBT, Palampur, India during 2018 and 2019 to analyze the efficacy of herbicides in combination with manual weeding on weed control and the yield of wild marigold ( Tagetes minuta L).Total weed density prior to weed control ranged from 0.2 to 319.4 plants.m − 2 and averaged 39.2 plants.m − 2. Total weed density varied by cropping system ( Table 2 ), and was higher in the four IWM systems compared to the reference system, where weed density was very low (averaging 3.8 plants.m − 2 ).Weed control efficiency was assessed through the ratio of weed groundcover to maize groundcover development (GC weed) and dominant weed species development (DWS, presence-absence), also grouped by life form (DWS group ), related to the groundcover of each species over time.Weed control ‘events’ associated with objects in the relevant classes combine to define the weed management system; the level at which outcomes are predicted (weed abundance, diversity, yield loss and evolution of resistance). The competition of the crop canopy is defined by an additional class.

One way to estimate speed of emergence is to calculate the number of days to reach 50 percent emergence. An example for 100 plants/m 2 (i.e. 18 seeds/m of row as in the example above) is shown in the table above. In this example the number of days to 50 percent emergence is: [(50-39)/(61-39)] + 7 = 7.5 days.Over all years and locations of this study, the number of days from sowing to 50% seedling emergence (DSE) ranged from 5 to 39 and averaged 12.2. Assuming sowing depth was 5 cm, the DSSAT-CSM model underestimated DSE in 94% of the site-years and averaged 4.8 days less than the observations (Table 3 and Fig. 2).The results regarding the days to 50% seed germination (Figure 1 a) revealed that the seeds left untreated (control) germinated in a maximum (32.02) number of days. The seeds treated...Over all years and locations of this study, the number of days from sowing to 50% seedling emergence (DSE) ranged from 5 to 39 and averaged 12.2. Assuming sowing depth was 5 cm, the DSSAT-CSM model underestimated DSE in 94% of the site-years and averaged 4.8 days less than the observations ( Table 3 and Fig. 2 ).Half-maximal germination (G50) was the number of days after sowing needed to reach 50% of the total germination, estimated in this study through the interpolation of one day before and 1 day after 50% of total germination was achieved.... to emergence varied between 6 days for the 18 May 2002 sowing and 21 days for the 15 January 2002 sowing. Final emergence percentage was lowest for the sowing date of 17 March 2002 (57%) and ...Days to 50% emergence was calculated from count data. Maximum mean percentage emergence of each species was calculated from the mean number of seed sown. Seedlings were harvested 60 and 150 days after emergence. Harvesting of seedlings sown in March commenced on 1st June 2010, with the second harvest on 1st September 2010. May sown ...To evaluate the transgenerational effects of temperature stress on the progeny fitness, in vitro seed germination parameters, such as maximum seed germination, time to 50% seed germination, and seed germination rate were measured.In the rainfed condition, the results demonstrated a prolonged duration to reach 50% flowering with higher nitrogen (N) application rates. The application of 52.5–110 kg N ha −1 resulted in significantly higher seed yield, while lower (18 kg N ha −1) and higher (156 kg N ha −1) doses of N led to reduced seed yield. Under irrigation conditions, superior seed weights and maximum seed ...The maximum emergence decreased from about 80% to 50%–40% with delay in sowing after irrigation. Seedling vigour as measured by shoot dry weight at 43 days after planting followed the pattern of seedling emergence. An advantage of delayed sowing after irrigation was better control of weeds with cultivation before planting.

Data were recorded for days to flower initiation (DFI), days to 50% flowering (DF50), days to 100% flowering (DF100), days to maturity (DTM) and plant height (PH) across different sowing dates and locations for two crop seasons. DFI were recorded as number of days from sowing till the opening of first flower in a plot. DF50 were ...... Of the 117 boro rice cultivars studied, V1 Nagaon took the highest days to 50% flowering (132 days) and maturity (164 days), whereas Luit took the lowest days to flower (57 days)...Three different flowering time traits were evaluated: DF1 (days from sowing to appearance of the first flower); DF50 (days until 50% of plants had a visible open flowers); and FL (flowering length ...Influence of sowing date on key chickpea development phases. SD = Sowing Date, Est = establishment; D50%emer = days to 50% emergence; D50%F = days to 50% flowering; D10%P = days to 10% podding; D50%P = days to 50% podding; DTPM = days to physiological maturity; VD = vegetative duration; FD = flowering duration; PD = podding duration.Data were collected on seedling emergence, number of days to 50 % flowering, number of days to 95% maturity, plant height, panicle length, stem girth, panicle weight, 1000 seed- weight and total grain weight (grain yield).The experiment was laid out in split plot design with four replications, comprises two main plot treatments i.e., sowing dates M1- Normal sowing: First fortnight of July, M2- Delayed sowing: 20 days after normal sowing, three subplot treatments i.e., S1- Machine transplanting, S2- Manual transplanting in lines, S3- Manual transplanting at random.Days to flowering (DF) and days to maturity (DM) were recorded as the number of days from planting until 50% of the plants reached half bloom stage and physiological maturity, respectively. Grain filling duration (GFP) was measured as the number of days between flowering and maturity. Plant height (PH) was recorded as the average height of the ...Data on days to 50% flowering (DFF) were recorded as the number of days from emergence to flowering in 50% plants in a plot for each RI line. Data on plant height, number of total tillers, number of productive tillers, panicle length, and spikelet fertility (SF) (ratio of number of filled grains/total number of grains (filled ...The days to flowering (FT) trait was scored as the number of days from planting date to the opening of the first flower. The days to young-green pod (PGT) trait was recorded when a plant had 50% of the immature pods. The days to physiological pod maturity (PST) trait was scored as the number of days from planting date to the appearance of a ...The average data showed that the D1 accumulated 408°C, 894°C, 1,056°C, 1,190°C, 1,709°C, and 1,860°C days for completion of tiller initiation, booting, 50% flowering, milking, dough, and maturity stages of wheat, respectively, which were significantly higher than rest of the sowing dates.

Data were recorded for days to flower initiation (DFI), days to 50% flowering (DF50), days to 100% flowering (DF100), days to maturity (DTM) and plant height (PH) across different sowing dates and locations for two crop seasons. DFI were recorded as number of days from sowing till the opening of first flower in a plot. DF50 were ...One way to estimate speed of emergence is to calculate the number of days to reach 50 percent emergence. An example for 100 plants/m 2 (i.e. 18 seeds/m of row as in the example above) is shown in the table above. In this example the number of days to 50 percent emergence is: [(50-39)/(61-39)] + 7 = 7.5 days.The days to young-green pod (PGT) trait was recorded when a plant had 50% of the immature pods. The days to physiological pod maturity (PST) trait was scored as the number of days from planting date to the appearance of a mature dry pod on a primary branch.2) Number of days to 50% flowering: The number of days from the sowing dates to the day when 50% of the plants in a plot flowered. 3) Number of days to 95% maturity: The number of days from sowing dates to the day when 95% of the panicles in a plot reached physiological maturity, as monitored by the appearance of black glumes on the kernels.All genotypes had similar emergence rates with 50% of plants emerging between 8 and 9 days after planting, which is within the average emergence for dry land rice (Gealy et al. 21) (Table 2).The number of days required for plants to reach flower initiation (174 to 187 vs. 184 to 195 days), 50% flowering (179 to 192 vs. 191 to 204 days) and end of flowering (224 to 242 vs....Normal sowing taken significantly more number of days to 50% flowering. Days to 50% flowering was significantly lesser as sowing was delayed. It clearly shown that late sowing/planting crop had shorter growing period due to photoperiodic response. Longer growing season crop taken more number of days to 50% flowering. TheseThe days to 50% flowering (DFL50%) of sorghum accessions sown on 10 June ranged from 47 to 141, and those sown on 10 July from 44 to 117 days, respectively (Table 1). The PRI for the...There- fore, it is desirable to have a duration of about 50 to 70 d to 50% flowering so that genotypes can escape or manage to produce higher grain yield than that of accessions that take >70 d...All genotypes had similar emergence rates with 50% of plants emerging between 8 and 9 days after planting, which is within the average emergence for dry land rice (Gealy et al. 21) (Table 2).

Experimental results showed that soybean germination was very fast, taking only 17 °C days to reach 50% germination at optimal conditions. The base, optimum and maximum temperatures were determined as 4, 30 and 40 °C, respectively while the base water potential was −0.67 MPa, indicating a high sensitivity to water stress. The ...Soybean germination was very fast, taking only 15 °C days to reach 50% germination at optimal conditions. The base, optimum and maximum temperatures were determined as 4, 30 and 40°C, respectively while the base water potential was −0.7 MPa, indicating a high sensitivity to water stress.At the 1 and 2 cm sowing depths, time to 50% seedling emergence for Flax decreased from 135 to 95 h with increasing bulk density. Conversely, at deeper sowing depths, time to 50% seedling emergence increased with soil bulk density enhancement and reached 220 h at sowing depth of 4 cm and ρ b = 1.7 g.cm −3 ( Fig. 3 ).The results regarding the days to 50% seed germination ( Figure 1 a) revealed that the seeds left untreated (control) germinated in a maximum (32.02) number of days. The seeds treated...The cumulative degree-days (°Cd) were calculated from sowing (time 0) as the sum of the average daily air temperature minus germination base temperature of soybean times one day. Simulations were then performed and the results were compared with the emergence rates observed in the field.Seeds germinate most quickly and uniformly in their optimal temperature range. 1 For example, at 86°F pepper seed germinate in 8 days, while at 58°F, it takes 13 days for seed to germinate. 3 The amount of heat required for 50% germination is expressed as the heat sum (similar to degree days).Half-maximal germination (G50) was the number of days after sowing needed to reach 50% of the total germination, estimated in this study through the interpolation of one day before and 1 day after 50% of total germination was achieved.The maximum value of the germination rate index (GRI) was in seeds at 30 °C in (0 MPa) and the minimum value was at 10 °C in (−0.05 MPa) (Figure 3 B). The results revealed the higher T 50% and coefficient of variation of the germination time (CV t ) value in seeds treated with 30 °C in (0 MPa), and a minimum recorded at 20 °C ...Download Table | Number of days from sowing to seedling emergence, germination rate and survival rate after germination of moringa accessions. from publication: Germplasm evaluation and influence ...predict the rate of field emergence. The Tt for 50% field emergence was highest for the small-seeded grass species cocksfoot (220°Cd) and timothy (200°Cd). The times (days and Tt) for emergence of white clover and perennial ryegrass were similar from five autumn sowing dates but 57 days after sowing on 21 March 1996 ryegrass seedlings were

From the baseline to 2031–50, t mean_s increased by 3.7 °C, 2.0 °C, and 1.5 °C at HEL, DND,and ZGZ and precipitation decreased by 35%, 33%, and 25%, respectively. During 2011–30 and 2031–50, t mean_s was higher under RCP8.5.The number of days required for plants to reach flower initiation (174 to 187 vs. 184 to 195 days), 50% flowering (179 to 192 vs. 191 to 204 days) and end of flowering (224 to 242...Data were recorded for days to flower initiation (DFI), days to 50% flowering (DF50), days to 100% flowering (DF100), days to maturity (DTM) and plant height (PH) across different sowing dates and locations for two crop seasons. DFI were recorded as number of days from sowing till the opening of first flower in a plot. DF50 were recorded when ...SD = Sowing Date, Est = establishment; D50%emer = days to 50% emergence; D50%F = days to 50% flowering; D10%P = days to 10% podding; D50%P = days to 50% podding; DTPM = days to physiological maturity; VD = vegetative duration; FD = flowering duration; PD = podding duration.They are calculated as the sum of daily mean air temperature increments above a crop-specific base temperature (TU) (Supplementary Table 1) between rule-based sowing and maturity.For example, if your mean temperature is 15°C, the phase from sowing to heading will take at least 50 days (760/15 = 50). You can also work out how a period of lower or higher temperature would affect development.Days to 50% of flowering, maturity date and growing degree days (GDD) of sunflower as affected by sunflower intercropping systems during 2018/2019 and 2019/2020 seasons.The flowering response of rice plants is the key indicator to crop duration. Days to 50% flowering and maturity represent the crop duration from sowing to maturity (Ranawake et al. 2014). Of the ...The days to 50% flowering (DFL50%) of sorghum accessions sown on 10 June ranged from 47 to 141, and those sown on 10 July from 44 to 117 days, respectively (Table 1). The PRI for the accessions ...The cumulative degree-days (°Cd) were calculated from sowing (time 0) as the sum of the average daily air temperature minus germination base temperature of soybean times one day. Simulations were then performed and the results were compared with the emergence rates observed in the field.

To represent cultivars adapted to these crop calendars, we compute thermal unit requirements (TU req, °C day) between sowing and maturity dates 15 in each period.From the baseline to 2031–50, t mean_s increased by 3.7 °C, 2.0 °C, and 1.5 °C at HEL, DND,and ZGZ and precipitation decreased by 35%, 33%, and 25%, respectively. During 2011–30 and 2031–50, t mean_s was higher under RCP8.5.The number of days required for plants to reach flower initiation (174 to 187 vs. 184 to 195 days), 50% flowering (179 to 192 vs. 191 to 204 days) and end of flowering (224 to 242 vs....Of the 117 boro rice cultivars studied, V1 Nagaon took the highest days to 50% flowering (132 days) and maturity (164 days), whereas Luit took the lowest days to flower (57 days) and maturity (96 ...Number of days (ND) was calculated from sowing time to the initial of each stage and for the durations. Using a base temperature (development rate zero) of 6oC (Hesketh et al., 1973), GDD were calculated through the summation of daily temperature above threshed temperature according to Major et al. (1975) by the equation of: GDD = 6] 2Relation between observed earliest (10%) sowing day, average temperature over the period from day of year 50 to 110 (cf. model 12, Table 1) and number of frost days (from day 50 to 100). To get the temperature sum as used in Table 1 , multiply average temperature ( x -axis) with 110–50 (=60).Nitrogen and water use efficiencies decreased with delayed sowing dates and increased with increasing seeding rates. It is possible to maintain a high wheat yield, nitrogen and water use efficiency by increasing plant density through winter sowing. It was concluded based on present findings that sowing date and seeding rates had ...Over all years and locations of this study, the number of days from sowing to 50% seedling emergence (DSE) ranged from 5 to 39 and averaged 12.2. Assuming sowing depth was 5 cm, the DSSAT-CSM model underestimated DSE in 94% of the site-years and averaged 4.8 days less than the observations (Table 3 and Fig. 2).Location-specific (n = 289 locations distributed in 27 states across the US – Fig. 1) spring frost probability for 0, −1, −2, and −3 °C at soybean emergence (at 15 DAS) for 30 DBS to a 30 ...Address: University of Florida 1741 Museum Road, Gainesville, FL 32611 Phone: (352) 294-6742 Email: cfraisse@ufl.edu

Plant height was measured five to nine times through each growing season. For IA15, plant height was measured using the plot canopy height until flag leaf fully expanded, then flag leaf height of a representative plant from each plot was used until flowering, and finally the panicle apex height measurements were used. For IA16, IA18 ...Relationship between flowering phenology and height growth pattern. Plant height increased progressively during the growing season for all the species, but their H max varied several fold, ranging from 25 to 150 cm among species (Appendix S1; see also Fig. 1).We defined the leaf length (L) as the longest extension from leaf apex to base (i.e. connection point of leaf blade and petiole). Leaf width (W) corresponds to the longest extension of any two points on the blade edge perpendicular to the leaf length axis, that is the axes connecting leaf apex and base (Shi et al., 2019a; see Fig. 1 ...At the organ or plant scale and over short time periods, growth is often used synonymously with tissue expansion, while over longer time periods the increase in biomass is a common metric. At even larger temporal and spatial scales, growth is mostly described as net primary production.Diameter of. Height of shoot the axis in Height of plant Diameter of the apex above the inches (10 cm. (pseudostem) to plant (pseudo- ground, in or 4 inches Stage* Statusf the crown, in ft. stem) in inches inches behind apex) 1 Veg. 9-0, 10-7 4-5, 6-o 4-0, 4-2 10-7. 2 „ 14-3,9*3 8-0,5-0 5-5,5*0 9-8.Mitotic activity starts to increase 24 h after the start of the LD and is two‐ to three‐fold higher at peak times than that in non‐induced plants. This activation is followed by the start of SAM enlargement at 44 h, SAM doming at 48 h, and the elongation of apical internodes (bolting) at 52 h.We first assessed plant height and its related component traits; the W7984 parent was 22.07 cm taller on average than was the Opata 85 parent (P < 0.05).The internode length was 8.65% longer for ...Abstract. Basic engineering theory and empirically determined allometric relationships for the biomass partitioning patterns of extant tree-sized plants show that the mechanical requirements for vertical growth do not impose intrinsic limits on the maximum heights that can be reached by species with woody, self-supporting stems.In summary, it was found that plants in crowded stands regulate their height growth to maintain a similar height to their neighbours even when there are potential advantages to height growth. Lifted plants increased neither biomass allocation to leaves nor biomass production, indicating that overtopping neighbours is not necessarily ...Plant height of the surviving plants (from the soil surface to the apical tip or highest aerial part of the plant) was measured 21 days after application (DAA) and at BBCH 89 (generative growth stage, fully ripe plants). The biomass (dry weight) of the plants was determined by cutting the surviving plants at soil level at 21 DAA ...

From the viewpoint of global climate change mitigation, this stand fixed 4.14 Mg ha −1 and 13.93 Mg ha −1 of carbon units and CO 2 molecules into above-ground biomass, respectively.Relative growth rate (RGR), as defined by Watson (1952) in the following equation, was a more generalized expression of the efficiency index proposed by Blackman (1919): RGR = l/m dm/dt. The RGR equation required the additional assumption that crop mass increased as an inverse function of current crop mass.The radiation use efficiency (RUE) of crops is a measure of the conversion of intercepted radiation to biomass. It can be calculated as a function of PAR or solar radiation, using shoots or whole crops, and calculated as the ratio or slope of the regression between biomass and intercepted radiation.Radiation-use efficiency (RUE) is an index used to quantify the relationship between solar radiation and biomass, and crop yield can be increased by increasing RUE. The main goals of this study were to initially investigate the effects of plant densities on the aboveground dry matter of corn, and subsequently examine the effects of ...We evaluated the long-term pattern of leaf area index (LAI) dynamics and radiation use efficiency (RUE) in short rotation poplar in uncoppice (single stem) and coppice (multi-stem) plantations, and compared them to annual field crops (AFCs) as an alternative for bioenergy production while being more sensitive to weather fluctuation and climate c...Aboveground dry mass as a function of global radiation intercepted for different row spacings. The lines are linear regression forced through the origin (the slope is indicated and equals...Effects of Progressive Soil Drying on the Dynamic Variations of Water Use Efficiency and Radiation Use Efficiency. Understanding the dynamic variations of WUE and RUE and their underlying mechanisms can improve our ability to predict the effects of climate change on carbon and water cycles.Light use efficiency based on absorbed PAR (LUE a) estimated as the slope of linear regression among aboveground biomass (AGB) and cumulative absorbed PAR for (a) S.S. maize; (b) L.S. maize; (c) soybean; (d) sorghum; (e) winter wheat.Abstract. Capture of solar radiation by plant canopies and conversion of this energy into biomass or grain has been described as radiation use efficiency. Radiation use efficiency (RUE) has been developed as a function of biomass accumulation and intercepted photosynthetically active radiation (IPAR) by the canopy and evaluated under conditions ...Radiation use efficiency (RUE) has been developed as a function of biomass accumulation and intercepted photosynthetically active radiation (IPAR) by the canopy and evaluated under...

At the organ or plant scale and over short time periods, growth is often used synonymously with tissue expansion, while over longer time periods the increase in biomass is a common metric. At even larger temporal and spatial scales, growth is mostly described as net primary production.I am not quite sure if it is possible to use the formula: RGR (H)= (H2-H1)/H/ (t2-t1) where H is the mean of plant height during the period (t2-t1), which is modified from plant relative...The rate of increase in plant height of plants established in June (PD-Jun plants) which were growing in the rainy season, averaged across four genotypes (1.28 cm d −1 ), was...Castanopsis fissa had the fastest growth rate among native species, which increased in height by 31.6 cm in 1 year (Fig. 3); for other three native plants, height increase was less than 22.8 cm ...Relative growth rate (RGR), or the rate of accumulation of new dry mass per unit of existing dry mass, is a major determinant of plant competitiveness. RGR is an indirect measurement of the rate of resource acquisition, and numerous studies have found that increasing crop RGR increases weed suppression (Didon, 2002 ).A comparison between the normal and conditional QTL mapping analyses suggested that the length of the third internode, fourth internode, and fifth internode from the top showed a high genetic...At the organ or plant scale and over short time periods, growth is often used synonymously with tissue expansion, while over longer time periods the increase in biomass is a common metric. At even larger temporal and spatial scales, growth is mostly described as net primary production. Here, we first address the question 'what is growth?'. We ...Figures (1) Abstract and Figures Small-seeded plant species are often reported to have high relative growth rate or RGR. However, because RGR declines as plants grow larger, small-seeded...Under frequent disturbance (e.g. tropical grasslands), increased competition for light can be manifested strategically as an increased rate of height growth, or under lower disturbance frequency as increased ultimate height. Physiologically, the same conditions that are conducive to higher LAI (i.e. warm, high rainfall and nutrient ...The present study showed that plants in crowded stands regulate their height growth so as to maintain similar height to neighbours: plants whose top had been lowered relative to their neighbours accelerated the elongation rate while plants whose top had been lifted higher than the neighbours reduced the elongation rate (Fig. 2).

The main goals of this study were to initially investigate the effects of plant densities on the aboveground dry matter of corn, and subsequently examine the effects of plant densities on RUE and leaf area index (LAI), and the effects of LAI on RUE. Finally, we provide a comparative assessment of the approaches used to determine RUE.Across the 49 plots nested into 17 sites, measured aNPP ranged from 99 g dry mass m −2 year −1 in montane heath to a maximum of 1481 g dry mass m −2 year −1 in intensively managed lowland improved grassland (Fig. 2). Overall, 91 % of the variation in aNPP occurred between sites.We observed that dry matter increased with an increase in plant density, and detected no significant difference in dry matter per unit area under treatments D1 and D2, in which the number of plants per unit area was the same, ( Changes in aboveground dry matter accumulation (g m) of TNG1 (a) and TNG7 (b) under four different treatments (cmMeasured aboveground dry mass for individual treatments and growth periods and corresponding logistic functions (see Eq. 1). Aboveground biomass on 15 May 1990 (DM0) was not measured, but...Maximum quantum yield of photosystem II (F v /F m ), aboveground biomass, applied water use efficiency (WUE apl) and the flag leaf metabolome were assessed twice during development. F v /F m...Plant total dry mass was calculated as the sum of dry masses of all organs, aboveground biomass as leaf dry mass + stem dry mass + lateral branch dry mass, and total root dry mass as fine root dry mass + coarse root dry mass.Dry-matter accumulation tended to increase throughout the growth period in all regions as GDD increased, and the rate of change was higher in the earlier than the later stages. A suitable temperature had a large effect on dry-matter accumulation in the early growth stages.Measurements examined the interaction between plant growth and leaf development, and nutrient (N, P, K, Ca and Mg) concentrations of rhizomes, stems and leaves. The three growth years studied were markedly different for growth and meteorological conditions. Between 2010 and 2011, above ground biomass yield increased significantly from 16.5 ± 0.4 t ha−1 to 20.1 ± 0.5 t ha−1. The 2012 ...We set out to answer whether a 50% reduction in incident rainfall would reduce above ground dry matter (biomass) production; alter the biomass proportions from different plant functional types; and reduce regrowth of vegetation after a summer hay cut.formance of two leaf traits – leaf dry matter content (LDMC) and speciﬁc leaf area (SLA) – as predictors of above-ground NPP (aNPP) across a realistically wide pro-ductivity gradient using comprehensive measurements of aNPP comprising the full range of plant functional types that dominate temperate ecosystems. Our study seeks to

Fertilizer application rates over the long-run; Fertilizer inputs per unit of agricultural land; Fertilizer use by nutrient; Fertilizer use per hectare of arable land Line chart; Fertilizer use per hectare of cropland Stacked bar chart; Nitrogen fertilizer use per hectare of cropland; Phosphate fertilizer use per hectare of croplandAverage 2018 fertilizer application rates were collected for the major crops of China based on county-level statistics published by the National Development and Reform Commission of the People’s...Increasing organic fertilizer application can improve the sustainability of soil productivity, but the effects of increased organic fertilizer application with reduced chemical fertilizer ...To achieve low application costs, the number of fertilization measures must be reduced. As a consequence, the nutrient quantities per measure are increased. This is done, for example, by using NPK fertilizers or by reducing the distribution of nitrogen fertilization to a few applications. All in all, a small number of fertilization measures ...The current recommendation of fertilizer application in India is 500 g N, 125 g each of P O per tree annually. In the case of high-yielding varieties, response to N was noticed up to an application rate of 750 g/tree. In India, fertilizer mixtures are commonly used in plantation crops.According to the test results for fertilizer application rate outlined in Table 1, the total fertilizer application amount for the 6 groups of variable-rate fertilization data for 2017 was 1018.37 kg, where the fertilizer application area was a total of 4 hm 2 for 3 plots.This review presents an overview of the effects of the application of foliar fertilization, focusing on the efficiency comparison between inorganic and chelated fertilizers. The review also provides insight into the advantages of high-efficiency foliar fertilizers, such as sugar alcohol–chelated leaf fertilizers compared with ...number of years-1. World fertilizer trends and outlook to 2020 viii Summary World consumption of the three main fertilizer nutrients, nitrogen (N), phosphorus expressed as phosphate (P 2 O 5), and potassium expressed as potash (K 2 O), is estimated to reach 186.67 million tonnes (N, P 2 O 5 and K 2 O) in 2016, up by 1.4 percent over 2015 consumption levels. The demand for N, P 2 O 5, and K 2 O ...The number of fertilizer applications is not significantly different between adopters and nonadopters. Furthermore, quantities of nitrogen applied are not significantly different. In both cases, farmers are complying with the recommended range of 60–90In the present study, under the same N rate, the CRF and RNF treatments exhibited comparable rice grain yields, but the one-time application of CRF reduced the number of fertilizer applications by a factor of four compared with the RNF treatment, indicating that the one-time fertilization application could achieve a comparable grain ...

Although nutrient availability in the coarse-textured, temperate soil was increased by the high, doubled the common (40 t dw ha −1) as well as the low, common (20 t dw ha −1) biochar-application rate in the current study, biochar application also increased nutrient leaching at both rates, suggesting that in the short term (i.e ...Studies demonstrate that the application of BCF is more effective in improving soil properties and crop yields than the exclusive application of pure biochar or other fertilizers. The post-pyrolysis method is the most used technique for enriching biochar. Future studies should focus on understanding the mechanisms of the long-term ...Optimizing biochar application rates for improved soil chemical environments in cotton and sugarbeet fields under trickle irrigation with plastic mulch - ScienceDirect Soil and Tillage Research Volume 235, January 2024, 1058931 Altmetric Metrics Abstract The remediation of metal (loid) contaminated sites often requires the application of an amendment, such as biochar. Biochar is the product of biomass pyrolysis and has been shown to reduce soil acidity, immobilize metal (loid)s and thus ameliorate plant growth.Overall, our findings are the first to indicate that an increase in organic fertilizer application rate does not necessarily boost antibiotic resistance in agricultural soils, and to define an organic fertilization rate threshold for the enrichment of soil ARGs. In particular, the threshold fertilization rate was 45 t/ha/y, however ...In the first day of incubation, biochar amendment reduced soil C mineralisation rates from 58 to 88% compared to the soil-alone as a function of increasing biochar application rates. This reduction was mainly attributed to the mineralisation of easily available substrates from incomplete pyrolysis, which were preferentially used by ...Biochar application rates from 0.5 to 135 t ha −1 have produced plant growth responses ranging from −29% to 324% [ 12 ]. Plant and soil responses of biochar application also varied with agricultural systems, crop type, climatic conditions [ 13, 14 ], and fertilization status [ 15 ].The increase in CEC is soil-dependent and modulated by high-ash biochar CEC and application rate, as well as by the original soil CEC. The addition of alkaline and high-cation exchange capacity (CEC) biochars is a suitable strategy to increase the CEC of weathered soils.Five treatments were tested: clear cultivation (CC, bare soil without mulching) and four MB application rates of 0.37, 0.74, 1.11, and 1.48 kg m –2. The application of MB reduced runoff generation by 15.5 to 78.6% and sediment yield by 40.7 to 98.6% compared to CC.The resulting sulfur-enriched biochar (SulfaChar) and synthetic S fertiliser (control treatment) were amended to potting soils and the growth response of corn (Zea mays L.) and soybeans [Glycine...

The JRC created a quantitative map of estimated soil pH values across Europe from a compilation of 12,333 soil pH measurements from 11 different sources, and using a geo-statistical framework based on Regression-Kriging.Relationships between soil pH measurements in H2O, KCl 55 and CaCl2 for different soil-to-solution ratios (n = 39). Since there was a significant correlation between pH H 2 O with EC and also between pH CaCl 2 with EC, we developed a multiple linear regression model incorporating EC i.e. pH 1:5 CaCl 2 = 0.868 pH 1:2.5 H 2 O + 0.454 ...Rinse the electrode and blot dry. pH measurement in water Setup Work in batches of 4-6 samples. Line up and number centrifuge tubes. Using a spatula, weigh 6 +/- 0.1 g of soil sample into the tubes. Add 15 mL of water to each tube using a graduated cylinder (1:2.5 soil:solution ratio; see AFNOR standard NF X-31-103, 1998).Global variation in soil pH. Red = acidic soil. Yellow = neutral soil. Blue = alkaline soil. Black = no data. Soil pH is a measure of the acidity or basicity (alkalinity) of a soil. Soil pH is a key characteristic that can be used to make informative analysis both qualitative and quantitatively regarding soil characteristics.The models developed in this study are useful in quality control of pH measurements, for converting pH values of volcanic ash – derived soils in different electrolytes and soil-to-solution ratios and contribute to information necessary for the development of soil data bases at local and regional levels.Abstract. Soil pH is the most routinely measured soil property for assessing plant nutrient availability. Nevertheless, there are various techniques for soil pH measurement, which vary with regard to the solution used and the soil-to-solution ratio. Soil pH is commonly measured in water or 0.01 m CaC1 2. Soil pH in CaCl 2 is usually ...In this study we evaluate optical pH sensors, so-called pH optodes, as an alternative technology to measure soil pH both in wet and dry soils. Our results indicate that pH optodes have the potential to sense soil pH in a wide range of soil water contents. We also compared our results to the standard slurry method and to measurements ...This field gives the soil reaction of top- and subsoil. pH, measured in a soil-water solution, is a measure for the acidity and alkalinity of the soil. Five major pH classes are considered here that have specific agronomic significance: pH < 4.5 Extremely acid soils include Acid Sulfate Soils (Mangrove soils, cat clays).SoilGrids250m 2.0 - Soil pH in H2O. Soil pH x 10 in H2O at 6 standard depths (to convert to pH values divide by 10). Predictions were derived using a digital soil mapping approach based on Quantile Random Forest, drawing on a global compilation of soil profile data and environmental layers. To visualize these layers please use www ...Overviews Spatial extent Subsoil pH (H2O) Share on social sites This field gives the soil reaction of top- and subsoil. pH, measured in a soil-water solution, is a measure for the acidity and alkalinity of the soil.

Linear models relating soil pH measurements in H 2 O, KCl and CaCl 2 in different soil-to-solution ratios are shown in Fig. 2. The relationships permit the conversion of pH H 2 O to pH KCl and pH CaCl 2, as there was a very high and significant correlation between these measurements (r > 0.88**, p = 0.01). All models obtained were simple linear ...The pH H20 and pH KCl measurements are done according to the NF ISO 10,390 norm, which specifies a method for pH measurement using a glass electrode in a suspension of soil diluted 1:5 (vol. fraction) in water and in a solution of KCl at 1 mol/l (pH of KCl) or in a solution of calcium chloride at 0.01 mol L-1.Background pH determination in a soil suspension provides an estimate of the acidity of a solution in equilibrium with the soil. In the case of measurement in water, the measured pH may approach that of the soil solution. In the methods below, the acidity is measured in a soil suspension using a combined electrode pH- meter.Introduction La détermination du pH dans une suspension de sol fournit une estimation de l'acidité d'une solution en équilibre avec le sol. Dans le cas d'une mesure dans l'eau, le pH mesuré peut se rapprocher de celui de la solution du sol.Soil pH is commonly measured in water or 0.01 m CaC1 2.SoilpHinCaCl 2 is usually preferred as it is less affected by soil electrolyte concentration and provides a more consistent measurement. Therefore there is a need to convert measurement values between the two methods.Both the international ISO standard and modern soil classifi cations and databases require soil pH measurement at a 1:5 soil:solution ratio, while the ratio 1:2.5 is still the most...Soil pH is the most routinely measured soil property for assessing plant nutrient availability. Nevertheless, there are various techniques for soil pH measurement, which vary with regard to the solution used and the soil-to-solution ratio. Soil pH is commonly measured in water or 0.01 m CaC1 2.Soil EC and pH measurements in H 2 O, KCl and CaCl 2. A summary of the data used in this study is shown in Table 1 and the frequency distribution plots are shown in Fig. 1. pH values were highest in water, followed by CaCl 2 and lastly in KCl. In general, pH values measured in water and in KCl increased with increase in solution ...Based on 200 soil samples representing typical soil types and soil properties of southwest Poland (including arable and forested areas, both in the lowlands and mountains), a general conclusion was derived that pH values measured at soil:solution ratios 1:2.5 and 1:5 in distilled water and KCl solution, respectively, have nearly ...The influence of the liquid junction potential and salt concentration on the pH values of soil water suspensions are discussed in detail from which it emerges that the current practice of measuring soil pH in stirred soil suspensions is likely to result in the greatest errors being incurred.

Soil total nitrogen across habitat types. The soil total nitrogen (STN) content varied considerably within each habitat type: 273.1–1,418.6 mg kg −1 in MFs, 623.7–2,723.9 mg kg −1 in SAs, and 354.4–2,516.3 mg kg −1 in APs ( Fig. 2 ).Scope. We examine the role of organic N (ON) in plant N nutrition, first by reviewing the historical discoveries by ecologists of plant ON uptake, then by discussing the advancements of key analytical techniques that have furthered the cause (stable isotope and microdialysis techniques).Additionally, the nitrogen in the soil is primarily present as organic nitrogen in soil organic matter.In this review, we discuss microbial mechanisms driving heterotrophic nitrification of organic N (OHORG) in soil and their modulations by pH, and carbon (C) and N contents. In acidic and oligotrophic soils, OHORG may occur as endogenous respiration or during oxidation of recalcitrant organics and cell lysis. Likely in soils with a ...Straw mulching (SM) and straw burying (SB) increase crop yields and soil nutrient contents. • SB is more conducive to increasing soil organic carbon, soil total nitrogen, and soil total potassium than SM. • SM is more conducive to increase soil available nitrogen, soil available phosphorus, and soil available potassium than SB. •Soil organic nitrogen (SON) is a crucial form of nitrogen (N) in the N cycle within terrestrial ecosystems, acting as either a “source” or a “sink” for environmental N release. In order to illustrate the research trends, evolution process and hotspots of SON, a bibliometric analysis was used to analyze 906 documents based on ...Soil organic carbon (SOC), total nitrogen (TN), and their ratio (C:N) play important roles in preserving soil fertility, and their values are closely related to fertilizer use. However, the ...and SSA and soil organic nitrogen content remains less well-known. is study focuses on four yellow–brown soils with dierent utilization methods as the research object. Specically, we investigate ...In a global field survey across a wide range of organic soils, the authors find that N2O flux can be predicted by models incorporating soil nitrate concentration (NO3–), water content and ...Soil organic matter (SOM) represents the largest global reservoir of organic carbon (C) and nitrogen (N), and its turnover plays a critical role in global element cycling and the climate...

Soil Organic Carbon Content Soil organic carbon, the major component of soil organic matter, is extremely important in all soil processes. Organic material in the soil is essentially derived from residual plant and animal material, synthesised by microbes and decomposed under the influence of temperature, moisture and ambient soil conditions.Soil Organic Carbon. Soil organic carbon (SOC) is one of the most important characteristics of soils that result from the interplay of net primary producers, decomposers, and mineralogy. From: Developments in Soil Science, 2018. Related terms: Carbon Sink; Biochar; Soil Organic Matter; Cropping System; Soil Carbon; Conservation Agriculture ...For 2019, EU Member States reported a loss of carbon from 17.8Mha of land with organic soil (4.2% of the total land area), corresponding to emissions of 108Mt CO 2, while 387.6Mha of mineral soil secured net removals of 44Mt CO 2.Soil organic carbon (the carbon stored in soil organic matter) is crucial to soil health, fertility and ecosystem services, including food production – making its preservation and restoration essential for sustainable development. Soils with high carbon content are likely to be more productive and better able to filter and purify water.The real issue about release of carbon from soils to the atmosphere, however, is how temperature, soil water content and other factors interact to influence decomposition of soil...Organic carbon in the top metre of Earth’s soils is far older than previously thought, averaging 4,800 years old. These radiocarbon-derived age estimates require us to recalibrate our...Soil organic carbon content and mineralization controlled by the composition, origin and molecular diversity of organic matter: A study in tropical alpine grasslands - ScienceDirect Soil and Tillage Research Volume 215, January 2022, 105203Our results indicate that plant diversity influences soil carbon storage not via the quantity of organic matter (plant biomass) inputs to soil, but through the quality of organic matter. The study ...Soil organic carbon (SOC) is the main component of soil carbon stock and plays a critical role in maintaining the services of ecosystems 9, such as food production, water quality provision, soil ...

Phosphorus is the second most important crop nutrient after Nitrogen. It is an essential macronutrient that plays important role in all crop biochemical processes such as photosynthesis,...For surface and subsurface soils, the mean percentages of WEP, CCEP, and OEP relative to the total were 0.38, 0.32, 4.3, 0.33, 0.33, and 3.68%, respectively. This implies that only a small amount of total P in soils is available and that fractions of WEP and OEP in surface soils were larger than in subsurface soils.Abstract. The fate of phosphorus (P) derived from mineral fertilisers and organic manures, and the effective P balance, have been assessed in three long-term field experiments at Rothamsted (UK), Bad Lauchstaedt (Germany) and Skierniewice (Poland). This paper discusses the plant availability, uptake and overall utilisation of P over the last 30 ...Phosphorus is a fundamental nutrient for primary productivity of ecosystems and agricultural production, but its misuse impacts agricultural sustainability and has important environmental consequences. Access to global reserves of phosphate rock is politically sensitive and economically challenging. Phosphorus accumulates in ...Soil phosphorus drives food production that is needed to feed a growing global population. However, knowledge of plant available phosphorus stocks at a global scale is poor but needed to...Soil phosphorus (P) loss from agricultural systems will limit food and feed production in the future. Here, we combine spatially distributed global soil erosion estimates (only considering...Phosphorus: P-Balance and P-Content in Soils An indispensable nutrient for plants and animals, phosphorus (P) circulates in fairly large quantities in the plant and animal production sectors. Animals excrete excess phosphorus in their faeces and urine, which is later spread on fields as fertiliser.Phosphorus (P) is an important element in terrestrial ecosystems and plays a critical role in soil quality and ecosystem productivity. Soil total P distributions have undergone large spatial...Soil phosphorus (P) availability is critical to plant productivity in many terrestrial ecosystems. How soil P availability responds to changes in plant diversity remains uncertain, despite the ...Mukherjee et al. (2020) observed that the use of biochar can increase the available phosphorus content in the soil, mobilize reserve phosphorus, reduce the fixation of phosphorus in the soil, and change the phosphatase activity. Zhang et al. (2020a) found that the application of biochar can promote the growth of crop roots, increase crop yield, improve soil structure, and affect crop ...

Leaf nitrogen content (LNC), an indicator for the amount of photosynthetic proteins, plays an important role to understand plant function and status. In previous studies, vegetation indices (VIs) have been demonstrated to monitor LNC non-destructively, but which is influenced by backgrounds, and lacks specificity for nitrogen stress.Plants invest a considerable amount of leaf nitrogen in the photosynthetic enzyme ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase-oxygenase (RuBisCO), forming a strong coupling of nitrogen and...Higher N content in leaves is associated with higher chlorophyll content and increased chloroplast activity and thus increased photosynthetic productivity. Conclusions: It is possible to...Here, we investigated the content of nitrogen and phosphorus in leaves of different life forms. Leaf P was higher in herb species than in shrub and tree species, while leaf N in shrubs was higher than in herbs and trees (Fig. 1; Fig. 2). The content of N and P in plant leaves showed a significant change across an elevation gradient ...Nitrogen (N) is an essential element required in actively growing tissue for healthy plant growth. It is a component of proteins, chlorophyll, and numerous other organic compounds. N deficiency causes dramatic reductions in plant growth and chlorophyll synthesis, resulting in paleness and yellowing of the leaf (chlorosis).Nitrogen is an essential macronutrient for plants, where its availability is a determinant of plant productivity (Chen et al. ) are the two major forms of N that are absorbed by plants; however, both forms are in short supply in agricultural and natural ecosystems (Crawford and Forde ).Approximately, 30–50% of nitrogen in green leaves is in the form of D-ribulose 1–5-diphosphate carboxylase (RuBisCO) (Kokaly, 2001), being the key photosynthetic enzyme/protein in green leaves (Gutteridge and Gatenby, 1995, Andersson and Backlund, 2008).Nitrogen deficiency is characterized by poor plant growth and pale yellow leaves due to insufficient chlorophyll content and some environmental stresses . Nitrogen is a key component of the chlorophyll that intensifies photosynthesis in crops [ 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 ], and plant yield is affected by irregularity in nitrogen content [ 8 , 9 ...Leaf area growth and nitrogen concentration per unit leaf area, N a (g m −2 N) are two options plants can use to adapt to nitrogen limitation. Previous work indicated that potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) adapts the size of leaves to maintain N a and photosynthetic capacity per unit leaf area.This paper reports on the effect of N limitation on leaf area production and photosynthetic capacity in ...

It is well known that phosphorus deficiency in plants disturbs the production of chlorophyll, causing leaf chlorosis [ 7, 8 ]. Prolonged P deficiency may further result in the accumulation of anthocyanins, consequently leading to purple discolouration on the leaf surface [ 9, 10 ].It is found that soil thickness on mainland is higher than on islands, while its soil maximum water content is lower on mainland than on islands; Other facts include: soil total phosphorus(P)...Leaf phosphorus (P) comprises four major fractions; inorganic phosphate (Pi), nucleic acids, phospholipids, P‐containing metabolites and a residual fraction.Depending on the plant species, it is estimated that the content of phosphorus derived from phytate ranges from 30 to 60% of the total phosphorus in seeds. It is generally assumed that the major role of Ins P6 in plants is to act as a storage form for Pi, but these compounds also have other physiological roles other than P6 storage ...Commentary As fundamental plant nutrients, nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) exert strong controls on the metabolic performance of leaves.Here, we investigated the content of nitrogen and phosphorus in leaves of different life forms. Leaf P was higher in herb species than in shrub and tree species, while leaf N in shrubs was higher than in herbs and trees (Fig. 1; Fig. 2). The content of N and P in plant leaves showed a significant change across an elevation gradient ...Phosphorus Identification of plant leaf phosphorus content at different growth stages based on hyperspectral reflectance License CC BY 4.0 Authors: Anna Siedliska Polish Academy of Sciences...Identification of plant leaf phosphorus content at different growth stages based on hyperspectral reflectance Identification of plant leaf phosphorus content at different growth stages based on hyperspectral reflectance 2021 Jan 7;21 (1):28. doi: 10.1186/s12870-020-02807-4. 33413120 PMC7792193 10.1186/s12870-020-02807-421 Altmetric Metrics Abstract Plants invest a considerable amount of leaf nitrogen in the photosynthetic enzyme ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase-oxygenase (RuBisCO), forming a strong coupling...Identification of Plant Leaf Phosphorus Content at Different Growth Stages Based on Hyperspectral Reflectance Authors: Anna Siedliska Polish Academy of Sciences Piotr Baranowski Institute of...

Determination of Total Potassium Content in Plants. The total potassium content in leaves was determined using a H 2 SO 4-H 2 O 2 flame photometer . Fresh leaves were dried at 85°C for 30 min and then at 105°C until reaching a constant weight.Potassium (K) is an essential element for regulating plant growth and physiological metabolism. However, little information is available on large-scale spatial variations in leaf potassium concentrations (LKC) in different plant species, the variations in LKC, and the mechanism underlying these variations. Here, we measured LKC in ...Mohammad Sarraf g , Mirza Hasanuzzaman h Add to Mendeley https://doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2022.01.001 Get rights and content • Potassium has diverse role in plant growth and development. • Potassium is responsible for activation of several vital plant enzymes. •Abstract. Potassium (K) is one of three main crop nutrients, and the high rate of potash fertilizer utilization (second only to nitrogen) leads to high prices. Therefore, efficient application, as well as rapid and time monitoring of K in crops is essential. Several turnover box and field experiments were conducted across multiple ...Potassium content in the roots, stems, and leaves of seedlings increased with the increasing in K supply . The K content of all organs was the highest under K12 treatment. In K0 and K3 treatments, the K content of each organ was the highest in leaves, second-highest in the stems, and lowest in roots. Under the other K level ...Changes in the potassium content would unavoidably have an impact on reflectance since there is a direct relationship between potassium content and the color, structure, and moisture content of plant leaves [5,16,17,18,19], which has been confirmed in many related studies.Potassium is the most abundant inorganic cation in non‐halophytes, contributing up to 6 % of plant dry weight. As a major inorganic osmolyte, K + is crucial for cell osmoregulation and turgor maintenance and, hence, for cell expansion, stomatal function, tropisms and leaf movement.Potassium (K) is the most abundant inorganic cation, and it is important for ensuring optimal plant growth ( White and Karley, 2010 ). K is an activator of dozens of important enzymes, such as protein synthesis, sugar transport, N and C metabolism, and photosynthesis.Last Updated: 12 Jun 2023. PDF | Potassium (K) is one of three main crop nutrients, and the high rate of potash fertilizer utilization (second only to nitrogen) leads to high... | Find, read and ...Abstract. Eucalyptus are widely planted in regions with low rainfall, occasioning frequent drought stresses. To alleviate the stress-induced effects on plants growing in these environments, soil fertilization with potassium (K) may affect drought-adaptive plant mechanisms, notably on tropical soils with low K availability.

A proposed model for calcium distribution and water flow within leaves It has been demonstrated that both the rate and the concentration at which Ca 2+ in the transpiration stream is delivered to leaves are likely to be affected by the pathway of water flow to and through leaves.INTRODUCTION Calcium is an essential plant nutrient. As the divalent cation (Ca 2+ ), it is required for structural roles in the cell wall and membranes, as a counter‐cation for inorganic and organic anions in the vacuole, and as an intracellular messenger in the cytosol ( Marschner, 1995 ).In general, calcium deficiency as a result of low soil availability is not very common ( White and Broadley, 2003 ). Deficiency symptoms occur however more often in developing tissue such as young leaves and fruits, due to low remobilization from old to young tissue via the phloem.Various fractions of calcium were qualified in the young and mature leaves as well as tuber tissue. A reduced concentration of water soluble fraction of calcium was most important factor related to the development of calcium deficiency symptoms in the line overexpressing sCAX1.Content of insoluble Ca is lowest in the growing leaves of «low Ca» plants (0.1%) and highest in the adult leaves of «high Ca» plants (0.8 %). The amount of calcium oxalate is lowest in the «low Ca» plants Figure 4. Dry weight per cm 2 leaf blade area.It has been reported that calcium provided a larger number of leaves and ... The results showed that calcium foliar application led to an increase in vitamin C content and calcium content in ...Calcium content in plants ranges between 0.005 to 5% of dry weight, depending on the plant species, tissue type, and environmental conditions (Jones and Lunt, 1967; Demarty et al., 1984; Thor, 2019); 60-75% of calcium is localized in cell walls (Rossignol et al., 1977; Demarty et al., 1984; Pegg et al., 2019).Changes in the nutrient concentrations in roots, trunks, canes, and leaves of Ca 2+ -deficient and Ca 2+ -sufficient grapevines. The nutrient concentrations, N, P, K, Ca, Mg, Fe, Mn, Zn, Cu, and B ...Total N content was determined by the micro Kjeldahls’ method. Total K concentration in the leaf was analysed using the flame-photometric method. The calcium content (Ca) and magnesium (Mg) content were determined using an atomic absorption spectrometer (Spektr AA 800, Varian, CA, USA). Statistical analysesInternal distributions of Ca and Mg were determined in transverse leaf sections at the base and apex of leaves using energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS) with cryo-scanning electron microscopy (cryo-SEM). Key Results

Manganese (Mn) is an important micronutrient for plant growth and development and sustains metabolic roles within different plant cell compartments. The metal is an essential cofactor for the oxygen-evolving complex of the photosynthetic machinery, catalyzing the water-splitting reaction in photosystem II (PSII). Despite the ...Introduction—Manganese as an Essential Plant Nutrient. Manganese (Mn) is an essential micronutrient in most organisms. More than 200 years ago, the presence of Mn in leaf tissue of plants was experimentally documented for the first time in the ash of several vegetable species [ 1 ].In this study, we obtained the first direct measurements of the speciation of Mn in the leaves of the Mn-hyperaccumulator P. acinosa leaves using XAS. Results showed that Mn in leaves was bivalent and that almost 90% of the total Mn was Mn-oxalate. The XAS method is based on linear fitting of combinations of the near-edge spectra of ...Manganese toxicity in plants can cause stunting, chlorosis, curled leaves, or brown lesions, as well as inhibiting photosynthesis and respiration. Several elements such as P and Ca are reported...Currently, it is assumed that the average global Mn content is between 450 and 4000 mg Mn⋅kg −1 (Li et al., 2019 ). Similar values, from 100 to 4000 mg Mn⋅kg −1, were provided by Helmke in ( 2000 ).The main aim of our study was to determine the content of copper, manganese, zinc, and cadmium in tea leaves and to find out if there are any significant differences among the teas of different types and countries of their origin.The distribution of Mn in the leaves of P. acinosa was controlled mainly by the transpiration rate. Our investigation demonstrated that Mn was readily transported from the roots to shoots of P. acinosa but that it could not be remobilized readily after it reached leaves. Article PDF ReferencesThe total Chl content in the leaves also decreased under Mn-toxic conditions (Fig. 3b). These results indicated that Mn toxicity causes PSII photoinhibition.In roots and in young leaves, Mn accumulated to higher levels in Fe plants than in control plants, while this was not observed in P- or Mn-starved plants exposed to high Mn. In old leaves, by contrast, there was a lower accumulation of Mn in P-deprived plants than in controls. After the Mn shock, similar Mn concentrations were ...Micro-PIXE analysis of cross sections of tea leaves revealed that (i) epidermis contains the largest concentrations of Mg, oxalate crystals contain most of Ca and epidermises and oxalate crystals of Mn, ii) there is a leaf-age effect on tissue-specific concentration of Mg, Ca and Mn with all tissues of old leaves containing larger Mg ...

canonical value of 50%. Plant C content in leaves (global mean of 46.9%) was higher than that in roots (45.6%). Across life forms, woody plants exhibited higher C content than herbaceous plants. Conifers, relative to broad-leaved woody species, had higher C content in roots, leaves, and stems. Plant C content tended to show a decrease with in-Plant carbon content in roots and leaves showed a significant latitudinal trend. Variation partitioning (r 2 ) of climate and life forms to account for the variation in plant carbon...Leaf carbon content (LCC) is widely used as an important parameter in estimating ecosystem carbon (C) storage, as well as for investigating the adaptation strategies of vegetation to their environment at a large scale. In this study, we used a dataset collected from forests (5119 plots) and shrublands (2564 plots) in China, 2011–2015.Carbon absorption capability and morphological traits are crucial for plant leaf function performance. Here, we investigated the five bamboos at different elevations in Wuyi Mountain to clarify how the leaf trait responds to the elevational gradient and drives the photosynthetic capacity variations.Plant C content in leaves (global mean of 46.9 %) was higher than that in roots (45.6 %). Across life forms, woody plants exhibited higher C content than herbaceous plants. Conifers, relative to broad-leaved woody species, had higher C content in roots, leaves, and stems.Plant C content in leaves was higher than that in roots. Across life forms, woody plants exhibited higher C content than herbaceous plants. Conifers, relative to broad-leaved woody species,...This data set provides carbon (C), nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), potassium (K), calcium (Ca), and magnesium (Mg) concentrations in green and senesced leaves. Vegetation characteristics reported include species growth habit, leaf area, mass, and mass loss with senescence.The results demonstrate that leaf carbon content may vary during leaf ontogenesis, and that the character of ontogenetic changes in carbon content depends not only on plant species but also on canopy position. Key words: Beech, carbon content, deciduous trees, Fagus sylvatica L., oak, Quercus robur L., seasonal changes.18 markedly across plant organs. Plant organ C content ranged from 45.01% in reproductive organs to 47.88% in stems at 19 global scales, which were significantly lower than a canoni cal value of 50% that has been widely employed in previous 20 studies. Plant C content in leaves was higher than that in roots. Across life forms, woody plants ...From 1979 to 2014, the global precipitation and temperature exhibited an increasing trend, and plants could invest more carbon in leaves and wood tissues to enhance vegetation production as well ...

This suggests that high soluble sugar concentration in the stem of TS is due to a factor other than the small panicle caused by the sp1 mutation. Therefore, in the present study, we characterized sugar metabolism in the stem of TS to obtain clues to the cause of its high sugar concentration.We calculated the allocation of soluble sugar and starch to leaf, stem and roots by multiplying the concentration by organ biomass and dividing by the total soluble sugar and starch biomass in each organ biomass by the whole-plant soluble sugar and starch biomass.In large seedlings, −WC treatment significantly decreased leaf soluble sugar concentration and leaf starch concentration by 40%, when compared to +WC treatment (p < 0.05; Figures 5C,D), and −WDE treatment significantly increased stem and root soluble sugar concentrations, by 69 and 92%, respectively, when compared with the +WDE ...Owing to the changes in the stems of transgenic and WT plants, the soluble sugar (fructose, glucose, and sucrose) and starch concentrations in the T 3 generation of OE11b-1, RNAi11b-5, and WT plants were analyzed (Figs. 7 and 8). OE11b-1 lines had remarkably higher sugar concentrations in their leaves, and their glucose, fructose ...Sensing intracellular soluble sugar pathways, however, provides incomplete information about the metabolic status of plant cells, since they ignore the concentration of soluble sugars in the apoplast and, perhaps more importantly, the apoplast-cytosol and the vacuole-cytosol fluxes of sugars. Consequently, a complex signalling network underlying to sugar-sensing pathways is present.Soluble sugar helps in maintaining the leaf water content and osmotic adjustment of plants subjected to drought stress (Xu et al., 2007). However, decreased utilization of sugar due to restriction of growth may also cause accumulation of sugars in leaves ( Hummel et al., 2010 ).The whole-seedling soluble sugar content was calculated as the sum of fructose, glucose and sucrose in carious tissues, and the NSC pool was obtained by summing up the contents of soluble sugars and starch. The soluble sugar concentrations were measured using 0.2 g of dry mass. Sugars were extracted in 2 mL of 80% v/v ethanol ...Sweet sorghum is able to accumulate remarkable amount of soluble sugars in the stem while ensuring grain filling and for this reason can be used as a dual purpose crop (Rutto et al. 2013 ). Sugar production by sweet sorghum depends on the quantity of sweet juice contained in the stem.Xu et al. (Citation 2015) found that drought stress condition significantly increased soluble sugar concentration in roots and leaves of susceptible rice variety but not in resistant one. In contrast, stem soluble sugar concentration in both susceptible and tolerant genotypes was significantly reduced under drought stress (Xu et al., Citation ...Non-structural carbohydrates (NSC) include soluble sugars and starch. These NSCs provide the main energy supply for plant growth, development and reproduction, and perform important functions in...